0	At six o'clock yesterday announced the protest action. Were 620 inmates of the prison that El Rodeo III rose to require the authorities of the Ministry of Correctional Services, health care 24 hours a day, to speed up judicial proceedings, providing the dental service and also that authorize the transfer of a prisoner who tried to abuse a family during one visit, more than a week. Chrough these requests initiated the hunger strike that lasted only eight hours, then at two in the afternoon yesterday there was an agreement with representatives of the Ministry to put down the protest. 
0	The demonstrators were demanding lower insurance rates and were protesting the drop in benefits
0	Cablevision company workers gathered today in defense of their jobs. 
1	 Two pot-banging demonstrations were held in Linares on 23 August against two power plants that will be built on the Achibueno River banks in Maule Region. The plants will cause irreversible damage to the environment. 
0	The port workers staged a six-hour strike to protest proposed reforms
1	The residents were protesting being out of power for hours.  They set fire to pieces of wood and tires
0	A group of people blocked traffic in both directions on the Avenida Apoquindo to protest the lack of busses in the transit system.
0	Yesterday, owners of gambling Liberty Association, which has about 80 members, threw stones and caused damage to the property of the control authority for forfeiture of games pinball machines.
0	Today cooperative miners paralyzed Colquiri traffic in central La Paz with a protest demanding the immediate surrender of the "Rosario vein," a rich deposit of tin .
0	Students, area drug officers march and spray paint buildings that are suspected to house drug selling operations.  They are also protesting accidents 
0	At least 200 members of the Mexican Electrical Workers (SME) protested outside the Interior Ministry against labor reform, which is discussed in Congress. 
1	The protesters were demanding the construction of a two-lane road, renegotiation of the price of the land, and the building of pedestrian bridges
0	A group of about 50 residents of Los Olivos residential subdivision, located 500 meters from Perifico Sur and 8 July, rallied yesterday to demand the presence of the acting mayor of Tlaquepaque, Marco Antonio González Fierros, because starting on Monday a large sinkhole formed in the Avenida Rio Seco, which has isolated the residents since it is the only way in or out for four areas where around a thousand families live.
1	A 100 people protested against construction of restaurants in San Jose beach
0	Seeking wage adjustments and restructuring of career plans, federal police operation followed standard boarding protocols at Tom Jobim International Airport, resulting in long lines. The issuing of passports was stopped. The measure was adopted to show that the number of federal law enforcement is insufficient.
0	Maracaibo Panorama.com.ve on 7 February reports that health workers at the PDV Coromoto Hospital in Maracaibo, operated by the state oil company Venezuelan Petroleum, Inc. (PDVSA), have been staging a demonstration to press their demand for a new collective bargaining agreement. Sergio Castellano, general secretary of the Zulia Health Workers Union, said the situation has affected 926 workers.
0	Anticorruption demonstrators request help from Supreme Court justice
0	The basis for the protest is the alleged failure of South Korea to keep its promises to fund the school fully
0	Formal taxi drivers on Monday took over streets near Casa Presidencial in the southeastern San José district of Zapote to protest the granting of permits by the Public Works and Transport Ministry (MOPT) to informal taxi drivers known as porteadores.
0	Chile is set for the second day of a 48-hour national strike called by the main trade unions who are demanding a raft of reforms. 
0	Officers attached to the Stabroek Market Administrative Office have taken industrial action over the deplorable condition of the revenue office, which is located in the market, and the late payment of salaries. The strike action has resulted in there being no security or cleaning personnel at the facility.
1	Taxi drivers in Managua on strike.  Drivers want fuel subsidy.
0	Workers at the Registries of Motor Vehicles rallied to protest the breakup of their administrative careers and that Group K has taken over all the management positions and that the regular workers have been removed from the positions with no explanation.
0	Architects wearing masks of famous Brazilian figures protested the awarding of a contract to restructure Brazilia to a Singaporan firm
0	Mayor of Freitas City on Hunger Strike at UN Office in Caracas
0	Serviform plant workers located in La Victoria, Aragua state on Wednesday launched a protest demanding the resignation of Chief Financial Agropatria due to alleged delays in the payment of their employment benefits. 
0	A contingent of 30 detainees -25 in Oaxaca and five in Leon - were arrested in the third National March against taxation that took place in both Mexico City and in 18 states and 26 cities in the country.
0	This Thursday morning affected families from El Aguacatal II, in Aragua state, protested and demanded housing and not be sent to shelters. 
0	Ruben Nunez Ginez began his first day as leader of Section 22 of SNTE (National Union of Education Workers) with a massive march that brought together just over 70,000 teachers and partner organizations, who took to the street to launch a new challenge to state governments and to head off federal privatization of public education and reverse the labor reform.
0	Former employees of the National Port Authority who have  lawsuits worth more than $12 million dollars pending against their former employer over labor issues and human rights, staged a protest demanding streamling legal processes in the Supreme Court and quick resolution of their lawsuits . Organized by the association of former Port employees  (Asotrap).
0	The pilots were protesting long hours, fatigue, and low salaries
0	At 8 began a heavy fire in the prison of La Planta. Neighbors sector report that they have heard six loud explosions, similar to grenades. A group of relatives of inmates, along with some motorized, moved to the Palace of Miraflores to demand response to the situation. 
0	Security guards at the teaching hospital abandon their jobs over non-payment of wages. Guards claim that private company hired by the hospital to provide security has not paid wages for months.
0	The abandonment of the governor, Adan Chavez, and General Giuseppe Cacioppo, director of the State Police officials prompted retirees make the decision to go to police headquarters to protest and demand that their outstanding claims be paid.
0	Bus drivers demand that the process of making payments for their buses resumes.  The program  is supposesd to compensate the owners of "red devils" whose routes are being taken over by Metro buses.
0	Costa Rican fuel truck drivers went on strike  Tuesday, 5/15/2012. The strike is a response to a government decision not to renew permits for 100 older model fuel trucks. Strike was settled on 5/16  after a two-hour meeting with government representatives.
0	A protest by indigenous Amazonians has reached Bolivia's main city La Paz to a triumphant welcome.Thousands of people turned out to support them as they arrived at the seat of government.
0	Between 8000 and 10,000 people took part in the 6th March for Education in the federal capital.
0	March organized by demonstration organized by the Coordination Assembly of High School Students of Chile (Aces), the National Coordinating Board of High School Students (Cones), and the Student Government Federation (Confech). 400 people marched in Puerto Montt. 
0	Patients with renal disease block road in protest, demanding proper medical treatment for their condition
0	(The following is a Google Translation) For the second day and despite the release of the Ministry of Education (MINEDUC), have reached agreements, normalistas blocked the Interamerican Highway, in Huehuetenango, in rejection of the teaching curriculum change and expansion of three to five years of study.
0	About 600 people attended the First National Victims of Guerrilla [Víctimas de la Guerrilla] in downtown Bogotá to make a social  protest against guerrilla violence and kidnappings of their relatives. During the course of the day, 570 officials from the Attorney General's Office received complaints and took information about hostages for purposes of further investigation of the cases.
0	Over 200 residents of Canton Calzada, municipality of La Asunta, Province Sud Yungas of La Paz, yesterday took the area of the municipal government and installed a permanent vigil demanding the resignation of Mayor Vidal Machicado, accused of violating his campaign promises.
0	Protest block Cota Mil main Av.
0	Mobile Riot Control Squads] of the [National] Police [PN] had to intervene in rural areas of the towns of San Luis de Palenque and Trinidad, in Casanare Department, to stop rioting by demonstrators in conflict with Alange Energy Corporation, a Canadian oil company. About 150 hooded horseman arrived to the conflict and took over the oil depot, costing 12 billion Colombian pesos as of 5/19/2012
0	The normalistas protests continued yesterday with partial blockages in Morelia-Patzcuaro highway, where they made ​​a bottleneck, and after a meeting with members of the National Coordination of Education Workers, threatened to continue the demonstrations until the criminal proceedings were discontinued against the 49 students who were released on bail.
0	IDAAN workers conducted a march on 7/7/2012 and declared they are on strike as of Monday, June 9, 2012
0	Several large Unions protested in multiple cities, with demands ranging from lower gas prices, to a stop in the increased violence thoughout the country.
0	Workers claim the manager has not fulfilled his duty to improve working conditions and has performed below stantards in regards to managing the high demanding job.
0	Meanwhile, solid waste accumulating in streets and avenues of municipalities in Barcelona Bolivar, Sotillo in Puerto La Cruz, Urbaneja in Dairy and Guanta in Guanta, that make up the metropolitan area and whose end is in Cerro de Piedra. Emergency Merida
0	About 50 passengers occupied the street delaying the flow of buses. They were protesting of the low frequency of buses to the eastern sector
0	Residents of this city rallied yesterday outside City Hall in protest of the alleged irregularities in the Commune. The institution is managed by Sandra McLeod of Zechariah (ANR), wife of the candidate for President Javier Zechariah Irun (ANR).
0	On Friday, 1.200 women marched in Montevideo against domestic violence. They were all dressed in black as the name of their organisation suggests (Mujeres de Negro- Women in black).  Throughout 2011 there were 11.597 judicial reports for domestic violence with 38 deaths. Yet, this figure is an improvement on last year when the victims totaled 55. 
0	The prisoners are protesting overcrowding conditions
0	Workers at a Glencore coal mine, La Jagua  were reported on strike for better wages and working conditions.
0	Today at six in the afternoon, the Committee of the Autonomous University of Mexico City annouced a strike that will last 20 days.
0	The protest was about a baby who was killed by a stray bullet
0	Teacher's union in El salvador declares general strike affecting up to 450,000 students. 
1	Approximately 400 demonstrators protesting against the construction of a resort in the environmental preserve in  Tijuca.  Some handed flowers to police as part of a peaceful protest in contrast to the protest on 11/17/12.
1	Path to Puerto Maldonado is taken by a thousand wildcat miners. Fighting between the informal gold miners and national police leave two dead.
0	Street vendors protest city evicting them from various locales
0	Protesters protesting the impeachment of President Fernando Lugo gather near the San Roque González de Santa Cruz bridge
0	Thousands of public-sector doctors and teachers protested in the Honduran capital for a second day against a delay in payment of their salaries in June.
0	About 150 workers blocked access to the Caserones mine after their shift to press for an increase in their 'bonos de finiquito' (completion bonus?)
0	More than 100 people from Pazoltepec auxiliary board, belonging to the municipality of Benito Juárez Tlacotepec, seized the building of City Hall and welded the doors shut at 7:30 yesterday morning, in protest of the fact that mayor Enrique Bernardino Ramos has not fulfilled the agreements made ​​with the population.
0	Representatives of several women's groups staged a walk at the head of Huehuetenango to demand the release of those detained during the state of siege in Santa Cruz Barillas.
0	This was announced by the steward of the Technical High School Vinalay number five, Luis Manuel Sierra, who said that they are entitled to inherit their places as teachers in the same municipalities that teachers labored for years. Over a hundred stewards stopped work in one hundred workplaces at the secondary level asking that the Guerrero state government respect these spaces.
0	Dairy farmers in Santa Fe and Cordoba were still blocking the entrances of more than 20 dairy  plants to demand a restructuring of the price that they receive per liter of milk 
0	Hundreds of teachers of the Trade Union of Education Workers of Peru (Sutep) march along Salaverry Avenue in the Jesús María District of Lima restricting traffic. Teachers are abiding an indefinite nationwide strike to demand better wages.
0	A group of about 500 people participated in a march aginst the Conga mining project in the vicinity of the Bambamarca Square Cajamarca despite a state of emergency .
0	300 employees of the contracting firms of Northern National Copper Company (Codelco) blockaded the access road between Calama and Chuquicamata in the Fifth Region on 17 May, while other groups blockaded the access roads to Gaby, Hales, and Rodomiro Tomic copper deposits. The workers held the demonstrations to protest the changes made to their shift work system and because the Northern Codelco has failed to pay them employee benefits. 
0	The noisy protest disrupted a session devoted to tax and budget measures
0	A peace march in La Araucanía staged Tuesday farmers and leaders of different unions in the region. They marched against violence that have occurred in recent times in the region of Araucanía.
0	Troops of the Bolivarian National Police forced the homeless to suspend the demonstration and arrested ten people, who were taken to court. 
0	While some protests against Becerra’s deportation have been held in downtown Caracas this week, a demonstration on Thursday outside of the Venezuelan Foreign Ministry involved over 300 people from a diverse array of leftist movements and political parties, according to Venezuela-based independent media center ABPnoticias.
0	The residents set fire to several objects to block traffic
0	Local residents of the San Martin zone of Achocalla Township yesterday began a hunger strike outside the Court of Justice of El Alto demanding that the 3rd Criminal Examining Magistrate, Lilian Larrea, proceed with the hearings on a complaint against builders.
0	Around 8:00 AM, the teachers took the road  that connects Tegucigalpa and San Pedro Sula,  up to Santa Cruz de Yojoa. In some cities they demonstrated in front of the municipal authorities. Teachers want back payment of wages. In addition they are angry about cost of goods, including fuel, and the murder of lawyer, Antonio Trejo, who represented peasants in the Bajo Aguán.
0	On its Facebook page, “IndignadosCR,” the group announced a rally on May 12th, at 12 p.m. in the Plaza de la Cultura, in downtown San José, to “celebrate the fight for a better Costa Rica [by] collecting signatures and publicizing initiatives.” invitation is also asking people to join a “national action plan for a Costa Rica without corruption,” a citizen initiative that responds to “serious corruption cases that have been made public recently,” the group stated.
0	Teachers retire Reform lock and move the Zocalo
0	Striking security guards protesting for hazardous duty pay impeded bank operations causing banks to close down Wednesday in Sorocaba, SP. An armored car that was delivering moneny to a bank was damaged by marching strikers who broke a window and a mirror. One of the armored car guards threatened to shoot the protesters.   
0	Teachers strike at Plaza Uruguaya  for wage increases.
1	The salaried miners operating the Colquiri mine located in the province of Inquisivi in the La Paz Department took over the field Thursday night. The miners' leader, Erstallani Severino, said the decision includes all income from the mine, including the Rosario vein, which is the object of the dispute between the salaried employees and cooperative miners.
0	At least two daily protests occur in Barquisimeto for the repeated failures of public services. In the capital of Lara state, water, light, streets, traffic, safety, work irregularly. Las comunidades responsabilizan a los gobernantes locales, regionales y nacionales de la situación, mientras el enfrentamiento político impide que se realicen las mejoras. The communities blame the local governments, regional and national situation, while the political confrontation prevents improvements are made. Desde la Gobernación denuncian la falta de recursos y el saboteo permanente del Consejo legislativo que no aprueba las solicitudes, mientras que los diputados oficialistas acusan al mandatario regional de no cumplir con los requisitos exigidos. From the Governor denounced the lack of resources and the ongoing sabotage of the Legislative Council did not approve the requests, while deputies accuse the regional president of failing to meet the requirements. 
0	Neighbors and mayors of several municipalities in the south of the capital demonstrated to protest the results of the survey Casen, whose results they beieve do not reflect the true poverty in the country.
0	The political opposition and trade unions staged protests in Panama against the proposed ruling to sell part of the government's shares in telecommunications and power generation.
1	CONAIE (Confederation of Indigenous Nationalites of Ecuador), Ecuador's largest advocacy group for Indians, began what is planned to be a two-week march from  El Pangui to Quito to protest President Rafael Correa's land and water policies.
0	Residents of  San Antonio de Areco again protest this morning at the intersection of Routes 8 and 41, to denounce the poor condition of these routes are and claim roadworks.
0	Odebrecht SA was forced to halt work on the Santo Antonio hydroelectric dam in Brazil’s Amazon region after workers went on strike. The project has been on hold since March 18 and it’s unclear when work will resume. The workers are seeking higher wages and reduced shifts.
0	People marched in Pereira as part of the outrage/indignation marches [Marcha Nacional de los indignados] .  Marches were held in 25 departments around the country [see event of 10/12 in Bogota- this event is  part of the same  Semana de la Indignacion". ]  Citizens of Pereira asked their goverment for Improvements in health care, education, housing and job assistance to the needy, and the right to a decent life, .  Those were the main complaints.
0	Residents of Cotoca, blocked the road between the departments of Santa Cruz and Beni. Tired of the delay in the construction of a plaza and classrooms, on Monday protesters took installations Cotoca City Hall and left the mayor of the municipality locked Santa Cruz, Wilfredo Áñez, and over 20 staff.
1	More than two thousand largely peaceful protesters march in the city of Cajamarca and 100 miles away at lakes where the Conga gold mine is to be built. A few protestors tear down signs that say "Minas Conga" and burn a stockpile of plastic pipes, though no injuries are reported.
0	Protesters call for the democratization of the media and denounced bias in favor of the PRI candidate, Enrique Peña Nieto; according to the CERI (Center for Emergency and Immediate Response) over 400 young people participated in the protest
0	The employees were protesting failure to pay overtime, double work, etc.
0	A mob of some 500 people burned part of the city hall in the city of Curralinho and hurled stones at the mayor’s office in a spontaneous protest against the decision by councilors to refuse to investigate accusations of corruption leveled against the mayor.
0	Morelos state Reporters began their information day with the use of a mask in protest against the refusal of the new State Government to enable the Mechanism to Protect Journalists in hedges.
0	A total of 30 detainees -25 in Oaxaca and five in Leon left the completion of the third National March against taxation that took place in both Mexico City and in 18 states and 26 cities in the country.
0	University students, backed by several regional civic organizations, go on strike to protest a law that creates the National Autonomous University of Tayacaja. The law calls for the new university to use the facilities of a branch of the National University of Huancavelica, which demonstrators say will drain the existing institution’s financial and logistical resources.
0	The call of civic organizations for a mega march against the alleged imposition of the PRI Enrique Peña Nieto brought together more than 300 citizens who participated in cultural activities in the capital of Hidalgo.
0	The demonstrators called for the ouster of the senate president on charges of corruption and terrorism against the people
0	After 4 hours of rebellion, adolescents at the Foundation House in Sao Paulo liberated employees who were held hostage this morning and permitted access to the prison.  Military police were not required to intervene since there were no grave injuries. No one knows why the uprising occured, although the prision is at full capacity. 
0	a symbolic protest was held in Chacaito's Brion Square over the death of 59 policemen in Caracas during the first half of this year.
0	Construction workers struck for higher salaries at the the 2014 World Cup site Beira-Rio Stadium construction site. 
0	On the day of Black Conscience, religous groups celebrated the new system of quotas for minority students in federal universities and called for additional actions in support of  development of former slave communities (quilombos) and parity of black and white salaries in brazil.  
0	Group of musicians, composers hold a peaceful protest against Sayco (Society of Authors and Composers of Colombia), over stance on intellectual property rights.
0	A group of operators that are working on the uprade of Beira-Rio Stadium in Porto Alegre struck to demand higher pay and increased benefits Wednesday afternoon. The protesters began to block the entrance, however ceased their action and allowed non-participants to enter for work. 
0	The Ministry of Science and Technology has banned labor protests at all of its offices, says labor leader Servando Carbone.The trade unions of the Ministry of Science and Technology and the 60 organizations associated with it denounced the persecution of labor, which reached its peak on Tuesday, when three armed men blocked access to the offices by the union leadership and workers who were attempting to deliver containing their claims regarding unfulfilled labor commitments.
1	Protest and blocking of road  by residents angry at lack of response by municipal authorities fixing infrastructure problems.  Flooding severe the previous night as well as in the past and they say it threatens resident's safety. Angry about the  disrepair of the bridge over the Taulica river.
0	Santiago Township Indigenous march to Oaxaca Amoltepec capital and make a sit-in protest at the arrest of members of their community.
0	Drivers blocked the road to protest illegal competition.
0	Maracay El Aragueno Online reports that representatives of the political parties which form the MUD in Aragua State gathered at Bolivar Square in Mario Briceno Iragorry Municipality to express their rejection of the violent police crackdown on protesters and the seizure of voter lists used in the 12 February primaries. 
0	Members of the movement YoSoy132 well as members of other organizations started a rally tonight at the facilities of Televisa Chapultepec in Mexico City to protest the election results of July 1 that favored Enrique Peña Nieto.
0	Hundreds of elderly workers protested in the center of Managua,demanding a law to reduce the eligibility age for pension
0	In protest at the incidents on election day, members of the group # YoSoy132 demonstrated outside the offices of Televisa Guadalajara, demanding to be heard by any of the directors of the company.
0	Residents and owners of taxis cut Pando Sunday Route 8 about 18 hours, demanding safety on Friday after two taxi drivers and their vehicles rapiñados were set on fire, reported Underline. One of the taxis was approached by three men in Pando he told the driver to head for Toledo, to paste a mouth. Just around the collection was stolen and torched the car. 
0	National Civil Police  suspend patrols over unpaid bonus and wages
0	The Journalism program for dozens of journalists demonstrated against the policy of the government of Cristina Fernandez, respond to certain issues At the repeated cry of "We Ask", a group of journalists from various media and were rated "not official", there was live ask demanding issues such as inflation, YPF, the case Ciccone and even the state of health of the president
0	Parents of Ignacio Zaragoza Elementary School the Federal Tehuacán closed the intersection of Amalucan Xonacatepec Avenue  in protest for lack of teachers in the Capital .
0	Forces used water cannons on 5 July to disperse the people participating in a demonstration held by the United Workers Confederation (CUT). The CUT organized the demonstration in demand of a 250,000-peso ($504) minimum wage.
0	The demonstration is by transportation workers claiming that the road is in very poor condition. 
0	The numbers of marchers varied, but the turnout was large
0	The workers supernumerary State Congress decided to strengthen their protest and "take" the building permanently. This, with the intention to keep hold protest on Thursday to serve on deputies LX Legislature, unless they are paid their wages for the last two fortnights.
0	Tankers of Río Negro, Neuquén and La Pampa yesterday began a surprise strike for wages. But within hours the union suspended the strike, to comply with the mandatory settlement ordered by the Ministry of Labour.
0	Student protest at U. Panama
0	Dozens of people gather to protest rising electric rates, while the Power Company of Guayaquil complains of growing deficits due to failure of customers to pay.  Protestors claim they don’t have the means to pay.
0	14,000 nurses strike for higher wages
0	More than two thousand teachers in the region Acapulco Coyuca Benitez made this morning a march to the Acapulco International Center demanding more security in areas where its campuses are located
1	The Director of Civil Protection, Victor Lira, says that it has now been 15 days since the people affected have had water or power services.
0	Over 300 employees of the Mayor and City Council (M&CC) yesterday began a strike to press for the removal of the acting Town Clerk Carol Sooba over the non-payment of salaries for last month, among other standing issues.
0	A three-day strike by workers responsible for rubbish collection made life in the Argentine capital rather less pleasant this week. The workers, who were demanding a bonus payment per ton of waste collected, blocked the access to a disposal ground in Buenos Aires province from Monday to Wednesday. Clarin states: The worker protest began last night (Sunday the 15th)  and prevents the collection trucks unload garbage transfer in plants. 
0	The work stoppage in La Peregrina began Friday morning and a group of about 30 workers held a protest outside the mine, while on Saturday joined the unemployed workers of plant Towers (which houses the administrative offices and mill processing ore extracted from the mine).
0	Municipal workers this morning cut off the highway west to the bridge Santa Rosa, in the locality of Castelar. Municipal workers demanding higher wages.
0	On Friday, ports around the country ground to a halt following a strike by the Port Workers Union (Supra). Workers listed five demands as their motivation for the strike, foremost of which was a call for better wages.
0	Almost 1,000 relatives of prisoners in Venezuela have refused to leave a jail in protest at the conditions there. 
0	Demanding hydraulic concrete construction of the Jaltipan-Animas road and various works, a group of farmers blocked the federal highway 180 in the Minatitlan-Cosoleacaque chaff and 145 Turnpike New Teapa- Cosoleacaque-La Tinaja,leaving the south of the state and the Southeast without communication.
0	Private security employees of Ezeiza airport have put up a roadblock causing transport problems from and to the airport this morning. They are members of the Trade Union for Security Workers (SUTCA) and claim that the private security firm ENTHEUS SRL does not respect workers rights agreements.
0	The migrant shelter director of "The 72", Fray Tomas Gonzalez Castillo chained himself this morning on the premises of the National Institute of Migration in protest against violent operatives conducting elements of the unit, federal and municipal police against undocumented immigrants in the states of Chiapas, Tabasco and Oaxaca, reported Mesoamerican Migrant Movement activist, Ruben Figueroa.
0	Police again surrounded the Marconi district yesterday to contain a protest by residents complaining about the death of a resident.
0	A rebellion by around 80 detainees in a Rat Stream State Penetenciary in Porto Alegre ended Saturday morning after negotiations during the night.    
0	53 Sutep teachers remain detained at State Security headquarters after creating a disturbance while marching on Friday, September 28 along Canada Avenue in the St. Louis District of Lima.
1	Thousands of coffee farmers in Colombia  peacefully protested in 10 departments around the country over coffee prices, production issues and to demand that the government work on a solution.  Countrywide coffee farmers represent several hundred thousand coffee growing families.
1	A regional council meeting was interrupted by the protest by about two hundred residents of Maca, Caylloma district. Protesters demanded the signing of an ordinance on land resettlement due to loss of agricultural areas.
0	A group of taxi drivers who kept up the protest early hours on the bridge The Tinaja of urbanization The Llanito. Just after eleven o'clock taxi drivers protest stopped because local authorities began the repairs of said bridge.
0	Police arrested six students of the movement YoSoy132, who was beaten and sprayed with pepper spray, accused of creating scandals, although apparently only did work as observers, informed colleagues of the victims.
1	Residents of 12 communities in Papantla blocked access to the facilities of Petroleos de Mexico in the northern city of Veracruz, at the lack of response and damage repair by Pemex, said. During the protest, the farmers and landowners of the community lamented that neither the municipal, state and federal, involved for damages after oil spills. 
0	Maracaibo laverdad.comreports that the first day of three-day national strike called by the Association of Professors of the University of Zulia (APUZ) passed without incident. Faculty and students met to discuss the current situation and the reasons for the strike.
0	Marches by students, faculty and trade unionists in Medellin. Demonstrators demand quality education,  better working conditions and reject reforms that impact taxes and pensions. Marches were for the most part peaceful, but at the end of the demonstrations some skirmishes. Esmad [Colombian riot police] fired rubber bullets, stun guns.
0	During the morning, after singing the National Anthem, the 600 remains private in that detention center, located in Miranda, announced the measure. Las autoridades los conminaron a entrar a sus celdas, los encerraron y les quitaron el agua y la luz. The authorities ordered them back to their cells, locked them up and took away water and light. 
0	The reason for the student march was not given.
0	The work pressure is increasing in Guyana and confirmed by the various conflicts. The hectic week beginning from the standpoint of labor has kept pace. esterday morning, a march of Electrical Workers and members of the Bolivarian Socialist Workers Central of Venezuela from the City, the Countryside and Fisheries toured some parts of the city up to the prosecutor's office in downtown Puerto Ordaz , where a committee delivered a document containing allegations, most notably the lack of provision of materials necessary and essential for the provision of electric service. 
0	Drivers and conductors struck for one day for raises
0	Young people gathered to protest against the proposed Public Order Act, known by its detractors as "Hinzpeter Act" at the Alameda.
0	Settlers protesting the reopening of an alleged house of prostitution in this city, reported that two men threatened to kill them if they continued with the social movement that seeks the closure of trading where a few weeks ago were killed four young, one of them 17 years old. At 24 hours after the start of the protest.
0	Woman blocks highway in protest against welfare agency (ICBF).  She says they improperly handled a case of child abuse involving her children and one of her relatives.
0	City Bank employees lead a day of protest, with cuts on Avenida Corrientes, to reject the project Kirchner seeking judicial porteños transfer funds to Banco Nación. At noon, workers march to Congress, where senators will begin to discuss the initiative.
1	Protesting working hours, about 5000 workers took Antapaccay camp, dedicated to the oxidation of copper in the province of Espinar, Cusco. Police responded with tear gas and firecrackers, wounding one.
0	Hunger strike begun Thursday afternoon by group angry at the CSE
0	The strike was caused by the fact that raises were limited to 10%
0	A protest was held on the road to the  La Joya development, which includes 30,756 homes where close to 10,000 people live. Residents are protesting the entry of a transit line owned by the CTP cooperative.
0	For over an hour, the members of that movement protested against corruption and mismanagement in the country, said Karima Merchan, head of the international area.
0	Approximately 40 workers from various unions protested on a street in San Benito section of San Salvador.  Burned tires no violence.  Reason for the protest was said to be displeasure with economic policies promoted by the current government and also layoffs in some departments.
0	Sugarcane workers protest the expropriation of 94% of a foreign-owned sugar company, Azucerera S.A. del Norte
0	Former employees of the municipality of Mejicanos protest the layoffs that occurred when new administration took charge
0	Breakaway AGTSyP Buenos Aires subway system workers started a 36-hour strike at midday that was paralyzing the entire underground system, causing transport difficulties throughout the city. 
0	Protests in Asunción by farmers, taxi drivers, auto-importers and bus passengers.
0	An uprising by dDetainees of the Itauna Prison near Belo Horizonte Wednesday was controlled by prison guards after five hours.  
0	Hundreds of PRD in the municipality of Nezahualcoyotl are kept out of the facilities of the State Electoral Institute of Mexico (IEEM) to demand that the victory of their party in the election last July first be recognized and to wait for their national leader, Jesus Zambrano.
0	Protesters from the LGBT community held a social protest in front of the public prosecuters office for more action by Attorney General against hate crimes.  There have been at least 58 gays murdered in the last two years.  
0	Doctors at the Ministry of Health (MoH) start an indefinite national strike demanding an improvement in national wages
1	Magellan begins an indefinite regional strike to protest the announced rise in gas prices. 
0	The public system hospitals met today for its third day of strikes in support of measures taken by the Bolivian Worker. The protest demanded that the demands of the Colquiri salaried miners are met.
0	Teachers marched through the main streets of Huánuco and partially blocked traffic on the main square of the city. 
0	The Comprehensive Universitarian Movement of The National Autonomous University of Honduras went on a peaceful protest in Suyapa. The protest was in defense of public education and demanding the ceasing of the large amount of violence in the country.
0	Special Forces police arrested several demonstrators who set up barricades at the southern exit from Temuco to require compliance with projects such as paving roads.
0	Tillage operators at the Wales Sugar Estate began strike action on Wednesday to oppose the proposed change in the beginning of their working day and it continued yesterday.However, Guyana Agricultural and General Workers Union (GAWU) official Aslim Singh told Stabroek News that the workers are expected to resume work today following a meeting with senior GuySuCo officials sometime during yesterday.
0	A group of people in the Las Mercedes invasive of the San Diego-El Rincón, took to burning tires from 6 in the morning to claim the promised decent housing from the municipal authorities Bolivar. 
0	The relatives are demanding action from the governor and the public prosecutor
0	Manifest today in front of the governor of Sucre part of teachers 1,967 fixed, 2,200 employed and 2,000 retired teachers assigned to the regional body to protest demands unfulfilled and not foreseen in the current budget.
0	Paraguay's president, Federico Franco, who replaced ousted charge Fernando Lugo on 22 June, celebrated his 50th birthday with the support of relatives and amid a protest by a group about 50 detractors
0	With signs in hand, 200 people requesting the construction of a flyover, the location of traffic lights and building a rompevelocidades.
1	A group of Indians began a blockade of rivers in the area, using barbed wire to stop the consultation process promoted by the Government.
0	The march first began on June 13 when a lone drama student started running the half-mile loop around the presidential palace in Santiago.
0	The Pan-American Highway was completely blocked in both directions due to four incidents: a labor protest, a rollover, a traffic accident, and a tractor-trailer.The backup was triggered at 0630 hours by a crash on the road to San Antonio; there was a rollover, and this led to a six-kilometer backup, from km 8 to km 14.At 0700 hours a protest was reported this morning by the workers of a furniture store, who were claiming the owners of the company owed them back wages.  The demonstration was short-lived since it was broken up by the National Guard.
0	Bus drivers close road in front of Los Andes Mall protesting lack of exonerated diesel fuel .
0	Student assembly at National University interrupted by hooded protesters. Small riot ensues. Police clashed with students, some small fires set on campust, potato bombs.  Students protesting education Law 30.
0	Patients insured through the Geriatric Clinic in the city of La Paz protested yesterday in rejecting the closure of the health center reportedly ordered by the National Health Fund.
0	The Indians were protesting plans to tear down the old stadium in Maracana
0	Demanding payment of more than 160 million pesos for the settlement of the 2011-2012 harvest,  cane growers marched down and sat-in in Cordoba on 3rd Avenue to 21st Street
0	Workers in the Ministry of Finance (Customs) conducted a work stoppage in all units of the State, paralyzing land customs, airport and sea.
0	Artisanal fishermen clashed with Carabineros personnel at Lo Rojas Creek in Biobio Region on 3 July. The fishermen set up barricades on Highway No. 160 and set a train car transporting cellulose on fire. The fishermen are demanding higher fishing quotas. 
0	Teachers of municipalities Sucre, Bermudez, Ribero and Montes, marched from the church to the Virgen del Valle Sucre State Government to demand their social. La protesta comenzó a las 10:00 am con la intención de dialogar con un representante de la gobernación, pero no lo recibieron. The protest began at 10:00 am with the intention of talking to a representative of the government, but did not. Protesters rejected the claim of Governor Enrique Maestre to pay only 18% of the recreational-holiday bonus which they consider inadequate and labor debts have been accumulating since 2008. “Queremos el pago completo”, exigieron. "We want full payment," demanded. 
0	Union workers from the Empresa de Servicios Sanitarios del Paraguay (Sanitary Service Company of Paraguay – Essap) begin hunger strike in protest against Essap’s sacking of 18 employees.
0	A demonstration was held at which some people burned their tax bills
0	Among other things, the protesters celebrated the recent convictions of politicians for corruption
0	Inhabitants of Flandes protest over the arrest of four teens in town of Ibaque. Injuries occurred in this social protest against an arrest so event is considered violent.
0	Santojanni Hospital workers began a 24-hour strike today, demanding better security for the establishment and its staff following an aggressive protest that was held after a case of supposed malpractice when a patient died three days after giving birth.
0	On Monday (July 23) Workers Will Occupy Two Health Centers; Authorities Warn They Will Eject the Strikers. The strike that the Federation of Public Health Officials (FFSP) organized yesterday (July 19) in the 13 neighborhood polyclinics of the outer ring of Montevideo was honored by 90% of workers.  Only children and emergency cases were admitted, and medications were dispensed.
0	About 100 users of fuel in Curitiba protested against  rising prices in Saint Andrade Park saying the increases by Petrobras were abusive.   
0	Members of the Association of Prosecutors in Tegucigalpa protested non-payment of wages, joining their members who began protesting the day before (6/28)  in San Pedro Sula
0	Residents strewed trash in City Hall to protest the lack of trash pickups
0	Paul and Facundo, the sons of Hugo Moyano, marched together at the gates of the National Institute against discrimination, xenophobia and racism (INADI) to report that the Government "discriminates" against workers who earn more than 5,200 pesos and then fall outside the family wage system.
0	Dairy farmers in the Sante Fe region have begun to block factories and prevent the entry and exit of raw materials at several dairy plants in the region to demand a price increase for milk.
0	The protest of thousands of residents of Quezaltepeque, Chiquimula, against new excise taxes and municipal rates began road blockade and occupation of the district ended last night with the arrest of 21 people.
0	 gate destroyed, several affected by tear gas and, according to some, shots fired by firearms were part of the disorders suffered by those who were in the mayor's office yesterday afternoon CV.The reason: The protest of about 80 dismissed by the district, who gathered yesterday at noon in front of the facade of the place, to show their displeasure at the "suppression of positions."There was even a group of CAM officers who joined the protesters.The general manager of the commune, Alex Iraheta, said the elimination of positions was due to "lack of resources to maintain these places.""The dismissed stole four garbage trucks and one of them was that damaged part of the structure," he said, referring to the destruction of the gate.Amaya Gerson, one of the spokesman dismissed and Municipal Workers Union Resume (Sitramej), confirmed that "the trucks were taken, but not stolen. Clarified that" crashed the gate, because a security worker for mayor started shooting at us we were concentrated and companion in tribulation, decided to hit the gate to contain it. The bullets fell to the truck. "The PNC Inspector Wilfredo Ramos said "If there was gunfire. Inspection has been done and is going to prosecute, will investigate. The gun has to be a 9 mm".Iraheta said he was unaware of these facts and the PNC accused of being in "coordination with the protesters.""We have seen that the PNC, somehow, instead of protecting the assets of the municipality has been defending the interests of the people who have come to do in this mayoral disorders," said the manager.Ramos fought the charge and said "what the manager thinks I could not tell, but the PNC is not in cahoots with anyone."The tension between the two sides was seen in the area, so much so that an alleged employee of the municipality sprayed with pepper spray and a unionist affected two cameramen.Amaya said the woman called Candelaria Espinoza.The Order Maintenance Unit arrived at the scene, and the PNC in the area and the Metropolitan Police (CAM).Iraheta said "requested the presence of all public forces will have to step into that kind of thing and possibly dislodge the protesters, but the authorities must define how you will."The union argued that "we will awake to achieve the reinstatement in the work.'ll Be day and night if possible, because we have violated our rights as employees, everything will be peaceful."The manager also mentioned that "an employee had been beaten and we believe that this movement has been organized by Mr. exalcalde. We know they are mobilizing people from other municipalities as Resume, Resume, Resume and Ciudad Delgado."A committee of the Human Rights Ombudsman's Office met with the municipal authorities to manage a dialogue.Two of the reasons for the dismissal of the employees were: lack of resources and administrative performance along with the suitability of staff occupying these posts, Iraheta said.What the mayor will save with the suspension of the 80 seats are about $ 80,000 monthly.Past seven in the evening, a group of suspected employees faced with sticks and stones those dismissed. PNC contained the brawl.
0	Thousands of students and Chilean workers staged a demostration today near the National Congress, in parallel with the third yearly accountability report by the government headed by Sebastián Piñera....violent clashes that left two police injured and dozens of people in custody.Though convened by the CUT to demand an increase in the minimum wage to the equivalent of $500 a month, the demonstration also drew support from students and educators unhappy with a highly stratified education system that funnels state subsidies to private, for-profit institutions.
0	At 6 pm on Monday, inmates of the Penitentiary Complex of the Capital Region Yare I Simon Bolivar municipality began a hunger strike in support of prison inmates Uribana. 
0	I witnessed a picketing exercise on Friday, May 11 in the vicinity of the Regional Chairman’s Office and also near the Guyana Rice Development Board Office in Region Two (Pomeroon-Supenaam), and having read all of the placards, talked to a few persons who were in the picketing line, and also read most of the daily newspapers that carry the farmers stories, one would be led to believe that the Mahaicony Rice Mill may have owed farmers in this region  large sums of money for paddy over a lengthy period of time.
0	Quequén residents protested claiming autonomy, demonstrated on Route 2.
1	Hundreds of people, including over 80 Amazonian Indians, gather outside the Brazilian Congress and Presidential Palace to protest the proposed Belo Monte dam in the Amazon rainforest.
0	 A protest activity on Tuesday by the movement "Students in the street" in the viaduct La Cabrera, Central Regional Highway, resulted in attacks on members of the organization and equipment of the Globovision television and DAT effective regional TV Bolivarian National Guard (GNB).   Other witnesses to the event, which occurred around noon yesterday, reported that the protest was marked with yellow paint the gaps in the pavement of the viaduct as a reporting mechanism for the abandonment of infrastructure by the government. 
0	More than a hundred physicians in the Ministry of Health of Huánuco marched to demand salary increases and the appointment of doctors. They also demanded a better hospital infrastructure.
0	Electrical workers have one week to protest their grievances against violations of the collective agreement and now the appointment of a new commissioner, former deputy to the NA, Hugo Marquez. The workers made a rally at the headquarters of Corpoelec in Puerto La Cruz and march to the Public Prosecutor's Office to request the removal of Marquez, for his appointment "a finger", a violation of workers' control. 
0	Hundreds of employees of the state-owned Venezuelan Guayana Corporation, CVG, staged a protest march from the company's Maintenance Division in Cachamay to the corporate headquarters building located in the Alta Vista area of Puerto Ordaz. The workers demanded payment of their contractual benefits, the discussion of a new collective bargaining agreement, improved working conditions, and the provision of safety gear and equipment to perform their jobs.
0	 1,000 residents gathered in front of City Hall. Besides demanding greater police presence, people also demanded justice for other unsolved cases in recent months.
0	The Department of Public Safety closed capital Carlota Area 3 East and the direction of Armero Ermita Iztapalapa, and also indicated that around 350 people are gathered in the Electoral Court. A group of students from the National Polytechnic Institute joined the protests outside of the Electoral Court of the Judicial Power of the Federation (TEPJF) to shout slogans against Enrique Peña Nieto.
0	K'ara K'ara residents blocked the entrance to the dump with garbage trucks yesterday for 10 hours because the mayor did not live up to his commitment to start treatment plants in the area.
0	Dozens of supporters of the Labour Party candidate for mayor of the municipality of Zuazua, Hernan Gutierrez Chapa, protested on Thursday at the State Electoral Tribunal of Nuevo Leon for alleged fraud in the election of July 1.
0	Maracaibo Panorama.com.vereports that laid off public works street sweepers shut down two major arteries leading into Maracaibo since the early hours yesterday in demand of their reinstatement and payment of outstanding wages. The group is demanding the mayor of Maracaibo reinstate them and pay them owed wages, adding that they are considering taking their protest to Caracas until their demands are met.
0	Teachers stage protest against some of the policies of the Ministry of Education; a "farewell"  to the Minister of Education who is going to run for president
1	Clashes between soldiers and about 3,000 protesters on Wednesday in the mining town of Calama, who demanded more resources for the extraction of copper, left at least 19 arrested for disorderly conduct.
0	About three thousand SUTEP teachers block the Uchumayo Road in the city of Arequipa as part of an strike that began September 5 to demand wage increases.
0	YoSoy132 movement activists demonstrated on the premises of the Guerrero legislature to protest the approval of the federal labor reform.
0	A group of about 50 people with banners, placards and masks protested the show of dolphins and sea lions to be held in the Feria de Torreón, claiming that taking them out of their habitat and putting them in a small pond is cruel.
0	Demonstrators gathered to protest the visit of the King of Spain and the possibility of the signing of agreements that would be contrary to the interests of Chile.
0	Inmates from the youth reformatory, Jatoba Foundation House burned furniture took 4 employees hostage  during a rebellion last night in the west zone of Sao Paulo. This is the 2nd uprising in 3 days. Last Thursday an uprising by inmates at another youth reformatory in the east zone of Sao Paulo caused 12 injuries before being controlled by prison guards.  
0	Court clerks in Buenos Aires province yesterday organized a protest demanding increased wages
0	Tests had to be suspended in several schools due to teacher strikes in Asunción. The Organization of Education Workers of Paraguay (OTEP-SN) is calling for an increase in the education budget.
0	The workers at the Argentine Mint are on strike due to a dispute with the Government over wages.  They have been on strike for several days and have been demonstrating in front of the Mint building.
0	Olivia Foundation workers demonstrated and demanded an increase of 25 percent increase in salaries. There are 26 people arrested, 14 injured including a policeman.
0	Taxi drivers and motorized disrupt traffic to protest the poor condition of the road. 
0	Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul (UFRGS) workers strike
0	Representatives of the Ministry of Interior and Justice are coming to one of the taxi drivers who have closed the municipality El Hatillo, protesting insecurity.Manuel Ramirez, one of the participants in this action and that is the path that leads to Oripoto, said it will not raise the bar until they see a written commitment from the government authorities and reported the ineffectiveness of Polihatillo. "To our comrade was killed a few meters from a module."It was learned that the taxi drivers' protest held closed access to El Hatillo from 5:45 am. Demonstrators perform street action in demand of better security after the death of a fellow identified as Carlos Tarazona.Workers began steering the demonstration, which was announced on Monday, closing the street El Progreso.The mayor of the municipality, Myriam Do Nascimento, said through his Twitter account (@ mydonascimento) that the place is a committee of the Bolivarian National Guard (GNB) to monitor the protest.He indicated that some protesters decided to protest, while others will go to the negotiating table to settle today at 9:00 am involving Polimiranda, PoliHatillo and GNB.
0	The incident was to protest the president's visit.
1	The workers protested the conditions in the library, where the heat is very high
0	San Pedro Sula Tiempo.hn reports that several demonstrations snarled traffic in the nation's capital Tegucigalpa yesterday as three separate demonstrations took to the streets. The Association for Campesino Development of El Progreso demonstrated to support plans by the National Agrarian Institute to expropriate private lands in favor of campesinos.
0	To demand to reverse the labor reform initiative, about 200 protesters blocked both directions of the road free Mexico-Toluca.
0	Group of nurses in San Pedro Sula protested as part of the ongoing nurses strike
0	The work stoppage is undertaken by railways Mitre, Sarmiento, Urquiza and Belgrano Norte, to protest the attack this morning by a guard.
0	Dozens of neighborhood residents Alps at kilometer 27 of the Pan American Highway, the road remain closed in both directions to protest the lack of tarmac. 
0	The civil police are demanding shorter working days and more pay. They held two earlier strikes in 2011--one that lasted a month starting on 2 July, and the other a two-month strike that started on 15 October. On that occasion the strike was lifted following a court ruling stating that it was illegal.
0	Workers from private and public banks in Brazil have gone on strike, aiming to pressure the National Federation of Banks into meeting the Union’s demands.
0	A group of students from the University of San Carlos de Guatemala (USAC) closed yesterday the two entrances to the campus central zone 12, to protest the alleged trafficking of weapons and drugs in the USAC.
0	Three days ago, fishermen catching Peruvian hake (Merluccius gayi peruanus) in Paita began an indefinite strike, demanding an extension of the fishing quota for this resource. To express their dissatisfaction and exercise pressure on the Ministry of Production (Produce) for the entity to find a resolution authorizing them to catch about 14,500 tonnes of hake, fishermen have blocked the ways into that town in northern Peru.
0	Between 8,000 and 20,000 people (according to police and organizers, respectively) participated today in the fourteenth edition of the March for Sexual Diversity, held in downtown Santiago and culminated with a cultural event.
0	Judicial Prison Inmates of Carabobo, went on strike because of the peaceful transfer of seven partners at different prisons in the country. 
0	Since yesterday afternoon, a group of inmates from prison El Rodeo III said he was in active protest, then the authorities come in and taken out to 32 inmates to be transferred to other prisons. 
0	Today ATE Capital workers conducted a strike and marched to the seat of Government of Buenos Aires. They were marching against the policies of job insecurity and union persecution.
0	Thousands of workers of the consortium building Brazilian dam Belo Monte, in Altamira, Pará State, completed on Saturday their fourth day of strike demanding better labor conditions.
0	Tens of thousands of students took to the streets in Chile in support of education reform. 
0	The province of Buenos Aires was virtually paralyzed yesterday marches, roadblocks, pickets at the entrances to major cities and a 48-hour strike that affected classes of 4.5 million students and suspended activity hospitals, courts and other agencies of government in Buenos Aires.  They are protesting  the change of bonus payments in installments.
0	Argentine farmers have halted sales of grain in a seven-day strike against government export limits
0	San Pedro Sula Tiempo.hn reports that several demonstrations snarled traffic in the nation's capital Tegucigalpa yesterday as three separate demonstrations took to the streets. The National Enterprise for Electric Power Workers Union was rejecting the privatization of government services
0	Yesterday, when he reminded the International Teachers Day, teachers union members in the Organization of Education Workers of Paraguay (OTEP) rallied in the capital to protest the weakness with which public education is taught. 
1	Workers and rural residents are demanding compensation for land taken for the project
0	About 100 students of the University District, home to La Macarena, clashed with anti-riot police personnel (Esmad) Metropolitan Police of Bogotá.  The riot began  when students stopped traffic in the center of the capital.  Several injuries reported. Reason for protest given as support for judicial employees on strike, income equalization and tax reform.
0	While national budget was being discussed in legislature, students protested in the assembly demanding more money be funded for education.
0	Slaughterhouse workers and cattle traders went on strike due to a municipal rate increase per slaughtered animal despite the lack of improved slaughterhouse facilities.
0	Former sugar cane workers blocked road in protest over compensation owed them in a settlement concerning privatization of sugar mills in the 1990s. Suspended road block after reaching agreement with Attorney General's office.
0	One hundred passengers were demonstrating Friday morning against the lines I-04, 115 and 416. Complaining about "bad treatment" at bus stops and car capacity.
1	A group of about 70 people, protesters belonging to an environmental group called Pulmón del mundo ["lungs of the world"] blocked a lane on  Route 27. Exact reason for protest not given but more than likely it is a general evironmental protest.
0	In Puerto Falcon, used auto importers block the border to Argentina to protest legislation aimed at lowering the maximum age of an imported vehicle from 10 to 5 years.
0	A group of neighbors together with taxi drivers blocked traffic on Centennial Avenue, off Martin Carrera subway in protest at the poor service offered by minibus routes.
0	Demonstrators held a march to protest the kidnapping in San Martin de Loba
0	Arequipa postal service workers (Serpost) strike begins on July 18. Workers demand an increase in salary and the payment of a special bonus.
1	Riot control officers of the National Police this morning cleared the road to Colon, in the area of Chilibre, closed by residents of Don Bosco who are demanding the permanent distribution of drinking water
0	On Monday, over 200 Police officers of Amazonas State Authority (Poliamazonas) began a sit-down strike in the town Atures, due to poor pay and conditions to which they are subjected by the state government, led by the opposition Liborio Guarulla.
0	Members of the movement YoSoy132 stormed the installation of the Radio and Television Commission, to protest what they described as an "imposition of telebancada".
0	For several hours, students of the Ayotzinapa Rural Normal School closed the main entrances to the Government Palace and headquarters of the Ministry of Education of Guerrero, with hundreds of workers and visitors around.
0	After a worker died, construction workers employed on the canal project declared a strike on 4/13 to demand greater safety measures.
0	Informal taxi drivers, or porteadores, blocked traffic on several major roads in Costa Rica Tuesday morning to protest government delays in issuing special permits that would allow them to legally operate.
1	Several taxi drivers protested and  blocked the roundabout at Metrocenter mall, demanding a better fuel subsidy from the central government.  Also some issues with licensing.
0	An unofficial strike by air traffic controllers at the Aeroparque Airport causes flight diversions, delays, and long lines.  The “work to the rules” measures were to protests sanctions against employees as “arbitrary and discriminatory”.
0	A group of employees of the Union of Workers of the Salvadoran Social Security Institute (STISSS) closed one lane of the avenue John Paul II, causing heavy traffic.  They have labor issues [not clearly defined] with their administration.
0	Police used rubber bullets to confront demonstrators protesting against a judicial decision to enforce a law to require non-indians to exit indigineous lands of Xavante Marãiwatsédé in the north east  part of the state on Monday 12/10 , however the demonstrators continue to block stretche of BR-158 that connects Barra do Garcia to Belem in Para. 
0	350 deaf students protested the potential closing of Nuesta Senora de la Sabiduria due to a disagreement with the Ministry of Education
0	Cali transpordores (transit workers) protested over employment issues, buses taken out of circulation, routes cancelled.   Bus burned, 15 injured, 14 arrested, transportation halted. 
0	About 50 residents of Villa Elisa demonstrate, intermittently closing the access route south, in the area known as Tres Bocas, to protest the lack of public transportation.
0	A group of about 30 members of the movement of students cheated by the Credit Corfo Wednesday marched through downtown Santiago in order to warn the authorities that September will be a month of intense mobilizations . If they do not see a solution they will not pay their loans.
0	ABC Metalworkers went on strike in wage dispute.
0	A total of eighty inmates Care Center Arrested Alayón, located in Maracay, Aragua state, on Tuesday declared a hunger strike, as reported by relatives of prisoners.
0	For not receiving severance payments, workers demonstrated outside the offices of Yacyretás. Four protesters "crucified themselves."
0	Demonstrators are chained and ask for the release of friends arrested during protests
0	Public universities in the country today held demonstrations to demand a bigger budget and the lack of solutions. 
0	March organized by demonstration organized by the Coordination Assembly of High School Students of Chile (Aces), the National Coordinating Board of High School Students (Cones), and the Student Government Federation (Confech).They were marching for education reform. In Concepción , were a thousand students who marched. The march took place peacefully.
1	More than 4,000 people remained evacuated today in the Buenos Aires district of La Matanza affected by the storm that struck the metropolitan area, while residents held protests to demand social and helps to repair damaged houses.
0	Protest in support of striking judicial workers was organized by students, teachers and members of the administrative body of the Seine and the Union of the judicial branch Asonal.  Workers are striking over wage/income equalization, payroll tax reform.  Also attended by people who bused in from other areas.  No violence reported with this march [unlike one at LaMacarena reported above]
1	A group of at least 80 people, mostly women, took over the city hall of the municipality of Ocampo Huasca protesting the completion of projects in different communities, said the state security coordinator, Donaciano Bayzabal Millán.
0	State workers were mobilized in Santa Cruz yesterday afternoon in the cities of Rio Gallegos and Caleta Olivia to criticize "adjustment measures" of the provincial government and a pay increase.
0	Yesterday a protest was held outside the Regional Directorate of the Environment against the release order handed down by a supervisory judge on behalf of two suspects who were arrested for the murder of two people in the caravan of the Mesa de la Unidad (Unity Table).
0	Thousands of university students have marched through central Mexico City to protest against a bias in media coverage that they say favours the candidate of the former ruling party in upcoming presidential elections.
0	Demonstrations against the increase in fuel prices lead to violent protests erupt in Tegucipalga, Honduras between 2,000 demonstrators and national police. The demonstrators launched sticks and rocks at police and police shot tear gas and 47 were arrested for closing the highway.  
0	The protest was peaceful and normal
0	Workers running the main coal conveyor train in  Colombia began a  strike on Monday (July 23, 2012) in protest of better wages and improved working conditions.  This paralyzes transport of more than half of the shipments of coal.  exporter of the mineral
0	Members of the Movement YoSoy132, assembly Faculty of Political and Social Sciences of the UNAM, along with members of other organizations, like in Atenco, Insurgentes Avenue closed in both directions at the height of Naples Metrobus station.
0	Civil Police and the Association of Friends and Residents of Downtown staged a demostration to demand a bonus
0	Members of the Mexican Electricians Union march on Paseo de la Reforma to reach the Interior Ministry, with their leader Martin Esparza to ask for independent authorities to negotiate the case.
0	Member of the Municipal Workers Union blocked the entrance to City Hall today, protesting the layoff of 5 workers.
0	Some 50 port workers took over a Chinese ship in protest of the proposed measure
0	Several hundred employees of the City Bank and The Bank union members mobilized yesterday before the gates of the National Congress to protest against the project of Kirchner to terminate the management of justice funds to the bank porteño. The protest was accompanied by a strike of City Bank, which paralyzed activity in all branches.
0	A group of former activists compensated Popular Assembly of the Peoples of Oaxaca (APPO), protested at the government palace in the historic center of Oaxaca City to demand the governor Gabino Cue punish and imprison former  PRI governor Ulises Ruiz, who is said to be responsible for 26 crimes and 13 forced disappearances during the social upheaval of 2006.
1	A group of residents, students and teachers from the district of Veracruz in Arraiján protested in the street for more than two hours, to call the attention lack of water and services by IDAAN
0	Led by Brazil Truckers Union Movement, the protesters are asking for a one-year postponement of Federal Law 12,619, which became mandatory at the end of June.
0	March organized by demonstration organized by the Coordination Assembly of High School Students of Chile (Aces), the National Coordinating Board of High School Students (Cones), and the Student Government Federation (Confech).The student march began outside the University of Santiago de Chile. Carabineros agents used water cannons and tear gas during the incidents. They were marching for education reform.
0	Riots occurred shortly after 22:00 pm because immigrants allegedly not receiving adequate medical care, food and are practically "imprisoned", besides being mistreated.
0	two persons died last night after President Chavez ended his campaign event on Intercomunal Avenue in El Valle.  Brave People Alliance leader Richard Blanco disclosed that once the event was over, there was an alleged clash between two groups that attended the event, which resulted in the death of two persons.   Later, area residents blocked traffic on Intercomunal Avenue and burned tires to protest the incident.
0	Dozens of residents of San Bernardino Chalchihuapan, auxiliary board Ocoyucan Santa Clara, perform a rosary protest through the streets of the capital city of Puebla to request the reopening of the temple of his community was taken by members of Antorcha Campesina.
0	Students of the National Polytechnic Institute (IPN) demonstrated at the Mexico-Cuernavaca toll booth to protest budget cuts that institution, the largest in history, they said.
0	The movement YoSoy 132, civil society organizations of Leon, and the PRD, protested this Saturday afternoon in the Central Zone against the ruling of the Electoral Tribunal of the Judicial Power of the Federation which validates the choice to Enrique Peña Nieto favor.
0	The protesters cited several factors, saying they are creating a crisis in health care
0	Approximately 1,000 citizens marched about electoral reforms
0	The workers of the Food Labor Union rejected an offer of a 22% wage increase and demanded a 30% hike.  They threatened to expand the strike by blocking highways and factory entrances.
0	Leftist protesters greeted the Cuban dissident, who said such protests are a sign of democracy and would not happen in Cuba
1	A score of people in the community of Santa Cruz Tlapacoyan, belonging to the auxiliary board of San Miguel Canoa, demonstrated outside the town hall to ask the mayor, Eduardo Rivera Perez, for support for the rehabilitation of a vehicle bridge that is in poor condition due to the constant rains.
0	Citizens disrupted National Assembly with their protests of Bill 486, which would allow the state to sell the shares owned in the electricity generation companies
0	In search of "justice" for the death of a policeman who was killed during an altercation with the army, police in Ciudad Hidalgo held a march and a work stoppage.
0	The oil company Pan American Energy, operated by BP, shut down production due to a union protest against the company’s ignoring of a union demand.  The company pumps 100,000 barrels of crude a day, i.e., 15% of the crude production of the country.
0	Nearly 1,500 protesters blocked off 9 de Julio for seven hours demanding changes to “Argentina Trabaja”, a social programme under the direction of the Department of Social Development.
0	Officials of the Bolivarian National Police, Polisucre, and National Guard Polimiranda convinced the four drivers of public transport lines, to open up the passage in the Metropolitan Distributor, after a protest began at 7 am today, demanding for the crime of a co-worker, occurred last night at the neighborhood entrance Petare bulb.  One of the drivers who remained in the protest said that "we are demanding greater security for all.
0	A number of Central Madeirense supermarket stores had to close down after their workers went on strike in Venezuela. The stores are located in Lara, Aragua, Carabobo and Miranda states.
0	Workers transport units or personnel pirates, who make their way from San Salvador to Resume blocked the access road to the Salvadoran capital from said municipality, because the Traffic Division seized two units, this morning, causing strong congestion. Protesters demand that minibuses are delivered to their owners and allow the movement of other units. strong The road has filed vehicular load, from the early hours. This artery is one of the alternative routes of the road The Jets. By not having permits public passenger transport, forwarding agents have retained units. these minibuses covering the route of the buses of the 109.
0	Guyana Sugar Corporation (GuySuCo) employees who are members of the National Association of Agricultural, Commercial and Industrial Employees (NAACIE) have gone on strike over what they see as significant anomalies in relation to the wages and salaries they are receiving.Their action came after a meeting on August 15 with GuySuCo where the union was told that the corporation would not be paying an increase sought by the union to address the anomalies.
0	This is a continuation of a nationwide strike over the low price of coffee
0	Human rights organization, churches and unions gathered to protests the law passed, giving president Bouterse amnesty for alledged war crimes.
0	University teachers in eight universities in six states heeded the call of the Federation of University Professors of Venezuela, which requires the Minister of Higher Education, Yadira Cordova, responded to more than 15 months of requests for meetings to discuss pay issues and liabilities labor.  It is estimated that in addition to teachers in the states of Aragua, Carabobo, Lara, Portuguesa, Merida, Tachira and Sucre, will add 45,000 teachers from 18 universities in the coming days. 
0	Students, teachers and parents marched in the streets of Huanuco to demand a better quality of education. The demonstration was conducted in parallel with the teacher's strike called by Sutep.
0	After being repelled with tear gas yesterday, youths protested today outside Government House and blocked an arterial road for four hours in their demand for educational spaces. 
0	A stretch of the beach at Copacabana was covered by 5 immense red stripes as a protest against the high murder rate in the country
0	State government workers marched outside the Finance Ministry to demand payment of the two fortnights of vacation pay since as of Friday afternoon only one had been paid.
0	On Monday, the Federation of Public Health Officials (FFSP) held from early morning until noon the center of the Primary Care Network (RAP) of Maldonado in the context of carrying out strike to demand higher sector budget in Accountability. 
1	Residents of the district blocked the street to protest the cutting down of trees to widen a road
0	Protestors in various states have blocked access to oil fields in retaliation for oil companies reniging on contractual agreements.
0	Users of social networking site Twitter reported the closure of the road in both directions, in the town of Ocumare de la Costa in Aragua state. Migdalia Naranjo, a resident of the sector, said the neighbors began meeting on Sunday when a vehicle was stolen in the town and organized a picket line to retrieve the truck. From there, they decided to stay grouped protest against insecurity and lack of police. 
0	In protest the lack of teachers in third and sixth grade elementary school group B, Margarita Maza de Juarez, parents and guardians of that school, obstructed the road yesterday morning in Actopan Obregón Progress , blocked the sewage canal, causing severe traffic problems.
0	Yesterday, thousands of passengers were affected by the demands of the workers in two simultaneous strikes. The strike by management personnel for a wage hike was joined by another action by employees protesting the punishment of a coworker.
0	At least seven detainees died and 12 others were injured in a violent confrontation at a police lockup in the southern Venezuelan state of Amazonas, authorities and non-governmental organizations said Wednesday.
0	About 2000 girls and teenagers marched to call attention to the problem
0	A group of demonstrators from the group Andha Chile began a protest this morning on the grounds of the Mint
1	On Monday night a group of people burnt some rubbers that blocked several roads in the island of Margarita, protesting electricity rationing Corpoelec company applying under the guise of "rationing burden." 
1	The environmentalists were protesting what they say is failure by the project to live up to environmental agreements
0	The residents of the Mariscal Sucre district blocked a major road to protest the lack of trash pickup
0	A group of unemployed workers of the Municipality of Tacna staged a protest demanding bonus payments.
0	A group of former employees of Aragua Invial protested outside the National Assembly demanding that deputies listen to them after five years of being dismissed without receiving their payments. 
0	Taxi drivers in neighboring municipality of Soacha protest against the Administración Distrital (District Administration) policy of requiring them to pay a fee  when they enter Bogota
0	Members of the group YoSoy132 and other civic organizations continued to block access to the facilities of Televisa in Hermosillo...Starting 21:00 pm yesterday, the group of about 100 people, sat in outside the headquarters of the television and began silently to protest; the protest will end at 21:00 hours on Friday.
0	Former employees who were laid off protest in front of City Hall in Soyapango, interferring with people who want to do business at City Hall.
1	About 20 boats occupied by inhabitants of Ilopango held a nearly two-hour protest. The move was made in protest of the construction work taking place on the island dubbed "San Cristobal" which according to the boatmen is public.Just after nine o'clock, a group of people, including boaters, crossed the waters of Lake Ilopango to stop remodeling DorisNovoa, who is the alleged owner of the island, takes place in the field named by locals as "San Cristobal", named in Scripture is "The Portillón" police confirmed to The World Journal.Angel Marroquin, a member of the Association of Ecological Microentrepreneurs Lake Ilopango said that they are unhappy with the remodeling that Novoa done over a month ago, because it would take away the business of transporting tourists by boat.Requests for boaters is that you take away their source of employment, rebuild some steps that had the island again and place a cross that had been placed in honor of its patron's Ilopango with their own resources.Marroquin said to be their only source of employment and Novoa passed on to them would mean a loss of $ 400-500 per month to survive, as they charge tourists $ 20 for 1 hour by boat to the island.Police authorities of Lake Ilopango argued that the protest was a peaceful unregistered violence."They're unhappy again," said an officer of the National Civil Police who preferred to retain the name, after adding that the protest before the boatmen had gathered in the village "Joya Grande" with a representative of the owner.Microentrepreneurs Ecological Association of Lake Ilopango said they had met with the legal representative of the owner, and insist that the State espatrimonio. Externaron addition to this newspaper that they have conditions that most can not meet, among them improving the boats, as the owner of the island wants them yachts. Marroquín ruled as the cause of the protest any political color and said that Friday will go to the Ministry of Environment to report that is being built on the island without an environmental permit.
0	The same group plans another protest against murder in Brazil
0	Twenty-four hour tanker strike. The tankers demand salary increase of 10 percent, clear rules for the payment of bonuses and better safety conditions at work.
0	Police in Bahia voted to end a 12-day walkout during which the homicide rate doubled to more than 130 in Salvador, the state capital
1	The miners were protesting a decree that outlaws "informal" mining
1	Police in Valparaiso, in Chile, have clashed with demonstrators protesting against government environmental, education and labour policies.
0	Malacatán student teachers and Tecum Uman, San Marcos, and San Juan Ostuncalco, Quetzaltenango, protested yesterday because of the new educational reforms of the Ministry of Education.
0	Independent Mexican truckers launched nationwide protests Thursday calling for clearer, fairer rules on vehicle weights and dimensions and for an end to discretionary permits that they say let double-trailer vehicles carrying as much as 100 metric tons of freight operate on narrow, two-lane roads.
0	Miriam Amelia Oviedo, decided chained Wednesday at the entrance to the Ombudsman's Office in protest because a group of people denied access to his house in the parish Alto Barinas 
0	Demonstrators have clashed with police in Chile's capital, Santiago, leaving a 15-year-old girl seriously injured and dozens more under arrest in protests that coincided with the 38th anniversary of the country's military coup. 
0	The Trade Union of Workers and Allied Tolls (SUTPA), led by Facundo Moyano, began a strike this morning for "indefinite" time to demand wage increases which causes the release of tolls on the four entrances to the City and domestic routes.
0	SUTEP teachers attack the Ministry of Education headquarters in San Borja district of Lima with stones and are charged with crimes
0	500 police tear-gassed and rousted about half of 1,500 indigenous protesters making a 300-mile march to the capital, La Paz, to protest a road project through a national park on their ancestral homeland. The marchers say four people were killed, scores of protesters were injured and several others were missing.
0	At least a hundred interns and graduates of Medicine of Xochicalco UABC and marched in the city to demand better working conditions and safety.
0	About a thousand people gathered in the morning on Friday to demand payment of the contributions should receive through the program Tekoporâ.
1	Prince Felipe and his wife Princess Leticia, spent some time visiting uncomfortable in Carondelet. The protest of a group of environmentalists, who reject the presence of Spanish oil company Repsol near the Yasuni reserve.
0	Members of the Union of Suppliers of Fruit, Vegetables, Vegetables and market tenants of San Juan de Tapachula blocked the international highway that connects Mexico and the countries of Central America in protest because the municipal authorities  deceived them and robbed of their premises. 
0	Since last night, more than 300 police local Regional Unit stopped patrolling the streets because of disagreements over work hours.
0	Civic, business, teachers and workers in Santiago peacefully marched through the streets  rejecting the intentions of President Ricardo Martinell to approve the sale of shares in state utilities and telephone and the appointment of judges of the Fifth Chamber.
0	Classes were suspended on Thursday due to unrest
0	Chile celebrated International Labor Day on Tuesday as thousands marched downtown Santiago along Alameda in honor of workers’ rights.
0	Protest in street(but they are also in a work stoppage at Rosales]
0	 Another day, another demo.  In a megalopolis known for its traffic-twisting protest marches and political rallies, Thursday's did not disappoint.  Tens of thousands of teachers tromped through city streets, converging on Mexico City's downtown Zocalo, or plaza, from three directions  Another day, another demo.  In a megalopolis known for its traffic-twisting protest marches and political rallies, Thursday's did not disappoint.  Tens of thousands of teachers tromped through city streets, converging on Mexico City's downtown Zocalo, or plaza, from three directions 
0	Section 22 of the National Union of Education Workers (SNTE) and social organizations of Oaxaca said "goodbye" to President Felipe Calderón with protests and roadblocks in the Isthmus of Tehuantepec.
0	About 100 people who are either for or against Bill 508 which amends the electoral code, gathered on the premises of the National Assembly.  One account reports that tensions resurfaced and police used pepper spray and put out a small fire
0	Bus drivers protest they are not being given exonerated diesel fuel .  Transportation interrupted for several days
1	After several hours of protest by demanding residential neighborhood, the passage to and from The Junquitowas reopened, whose path had been closed by residents of the nearby neighborhoods of Colinas de Vista Alegre.   About 80 families living in these neighborhoods were affected, either because they lost their homes and were housed in shelters, or because their homes are at high risk.
0	Students decided to take over the facilities of the school for 24 hours while waiting to talk to the authorities and said they will allow the entry and exit of students and teaching classes, tomorrow.
0	Social organizations, including Territorial Front 26 June and the Anibal Veron Liberation Movement, blockaded the Buenos Aires-La Plata highway for over six hours yesterday, at Quilmes, to claim the payment of subsidies for "our popular dining halls." 
0	Residents of the community of Aykuma, Independence Township, yesterday staged a blockade on the road between Cochabamba and Oruro departments of La Paz, in protest against the alleged land grabbing by neighbors Villa Pereira Tapacarí province.
0	Neighbours kept locked Guadalajara-Chapala highway in protest after the accident the day before yesterday in the sector in which three people died.
0	Residents of El Sito "the Site", in the village of Juan Diaz in the capital protest their eviction by staging demonstration. LaPrensa did not record violence, but  ElSiglo reported that police  used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the demonstrators.
0	Teachers in seven Encarnación schools strike to protest unpaid January and February wages
0	The demonstrators blocked traffic to protest the increase in their real-estate assessments
1	From 6 am on Wednesday, peasants interrupt the passage in 16 points of the main roads in the country, protesting the rise of electricity, also require approval of the Rural Development Act, Revenue Act Compulsory for production of basic grains, and stop mining, among others.
0	Residents of Block 10 of of the Urdaneta development blocked the main road to protest the extended service outage. 
0	Colombian government workers go on strike
1	Saying that over 200 dredges and over 2000 workers are at risk as a result of the protest in Linden, Minister of Natural Resources and the Environment, Robert Persaud has today reiterated a call for the protestors to desist from blocking thoroughfares. GINA said that the Minister commented on the issue during a press briefing today. He stated that the Guyana Forestry Commission (GFC) has been given a mandate and is looking at ways in which alternate routes can be used. Protesters in Linden began blocking roads in the area after three of their number were killed by police on July 18 during a demonstration against higher power tariffs.
0	In Asuncion, Encarnacion, San Lorenzo, Caacupé and Paraguarí, 1000 lawyers sweep the judiical buildings with brooms to symbolically rid the judiciary of corruption.
0	The demonstrators were protesting alleged corruption against the re-election of Calheiros as Senate President
0	Hundreds of demonstrators  including indigineous people marched in front of Maracana stadium protesting against the demolition of the Museum of the Indian and a school that make up the Maracana Complex to make improvements to the stadium
0	Federal agricultural inspectors strike across the country, seeking better working conditions, career restructuring, and the hiring of professionals through public competition.
0	A demonstration  promoted by the Movement to Humanize Birth brought together around 3000 pregnant women, mothers, and midwives on Paulista this afternoon to request  the presense of midwives to give support during births in maternity rooms.
1	The convoy, made up of members of the Tierray Peoples' Front in Defense of Water, of the states of Tlaxcala, Morelos and Puebla, arrived yesterday afternoon in San Pedro Cholula to protest the construction of a gas pipeline belonging to the Federal de Electricidad (CFE), which will pass through communities in the state of Puebla.
0	Union members blocked access to a clinic for 2 hours to protest the transfer of a lab worker.
0	Residents began protesting early in the day in the Chaguaramos sector, Urdaneta Municipality, which blocked traffic on the Cua-San Casimiro national highway to demand answers from the authorities about problems with basic services. 
0	In the city centre, more than 50,000 people gathered around Plaza de Mayo. At the forefront, the Mothers and Grandmothers of Plaza de Mayo, together with other relatives of those who disappeared during the military junta, demanded punishment for those involved.
0	In Queretaro, a group of protesters, mostly young, staged a march in the historic center of the capital; no incidents were reported.  The march was in protest of the imposition of the PRI candidate.
0	A group of workers from the National Institute of Neurology and Neurosurgery in the morning paralyzed Avenida Insurgentes in the hospital district in order to protest a shortage of basic medical supplies of more than 30 percent, which is the lack of gauze, syringes and medical items, plus there is a shortage of doctors and nurses, according to the protesters, that hinders the proper care of patients.
0	Employees of Better Company in the Capital of Santa Catarina decided in a meeting Thursday morning to stop trash collection for 24 hours Os funcionários da Companhia Melhoramentos in Florionapolis to demand reinstatement of a employees and additional retirement benefits and maintenance of a solid waste program being shut down by the municipal government. 
0	About forty Greenpeace activists held a protest againsts National Congress demanding the urgent adoption of the Law on Electronic Waste.
0	Members of theYoSoy132 organized to allow free rides for riders at the San Lazaro subway station, a part of the B line, which runs from Buenavista to Ciudad Azteca.
0	Hundreds of supporters of the PAN and PANAL and and villagers took over the town hall of Acapetahua and the offices of the Electoral Institute for Citizen Participation and trapped up to 10 members of the municipal police, while in Acacoyagua villagers blocked the road between Mexico and the Central American Isthmus.
1	Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Bolivia's main city, La Paz, to protest against the construction of a highway that cuts across ancestral land. 
1	On Monday, August 15, more than 500 protesters from a range of indigenous groups began a march in the Amazon city of Trinidad to protest the newest addition of a road that would run straight through the Amazon Rainforest. 
0	Members of various unions left the Revolution Monument to protest at various locations against labor reform, causing traffic problems in the Paseo de la Reforma, Insurgentes, and Ayuntamiento, among other avenues.
0	Starting at 7 AM on Wednesday, the Avenue Juan Bautista Arismendi, the road leading to Santiago Mariño airport and sea terminal Punta de Piedras, was blocked by residents to protest lack of security. The action comes in the wake of the murderof Abraham Monday Jose Gamboa (47), a well-known professor of insular Lyceum, who was killed at his home yesterday in El Datil, Díaz municipality, while two antisocial individuals attempted to rob his home. 
0	Residents of indigenous municipality of Santiago Amoltepec, settled in indefinite sit in at Oaxaca Zocalo plaza, outside the headquarters of the Government Palace where they sent dispatches to Governor Gabino Cue, demanding the release of 14 prisoners in jails who are peasants of Oaxaca and Veracruz and charged with kidnapping and rebellion.
0	 2200 Technical Institute Students Gonzalo Suárez Rendón (ITGSR) of Tunja, and teachers, workers and the rector of the institution conducted a protest march to ask for the return to freedom of fellow student Andrea Marcela García Buitrago  who was kidnapped.  Social protest.
0	Popular organizations occupied the "La Democracia" bridge from 6:30am to 2:00 PM
0	At least a hundred people carrying signs indicate"piperos" abuse. The protesters are elderly people who say they cannot pay to download a pipe in their homes and demand the provision of the service in their homes .
0	Residents  block road to protest the bad service they say they receive from public transport between Bejuco and Chame
0	Only about 15 people showed up for the march
0	Officials of the binational unionized Yacyretá announce the closure of access to the plant, continuing the strike began three days ago by a series of failures. The mobilization will be initiated by the non-payment of salaries retroactive about 30 contractor workers.
0	YoSoy132 takes over Metrobus lane; protests outside Veracruz offices in Mexico City
0	Secondary school students in Chile's capital Santiago are detained by police after staging sit-ins in protests over the governments education policies. 
0	About 150 teachers from different municipalaties of Huehuetenango held a protest outside the Departmental Directorate of Education in protest of their contracts.
0	 Monday Oct 1 street vebdors began protesting in the morning over their selling/trading rights. Angry at civil authorities for how they intend to issue permits for vendors.  City plans to hold a drawing for 500 seats for the holidays.  As protest developed, some of the protestors wore masks, and later accounts indicate that criminal gangs infiltrated the protest.  Subway shut down for a short period of time, several injuries and property damage.  City officials promised to meet with vendors to settle problems.
1	The anti-mining protest in Espinar heats up.  On the second day of the indefinite strike against the mining company Xstrata Tintaya, some 300 farmers clashed with police. Two protesters were injured.
0	In protest against arbitrary eviction of residents and miners Sierrita, Durango, that were removed as repressive the gates of the mine operated by The Company Platosa Excellon,Tlahualilo families marched through the main streets of the city to conclude with an encampment in the Government House in Gomez Palacio.
0	This morning unionized teachers took over the premises of the Institute of Basic Education of the State of Morelos (IEBEM) and set up a permanent sit-in protesting the lack of back pay.
0	Demonstrators throughout the country called for the impeachment of the President of the Senate for corruption
0	The government arrested 31 people after the riots in the town of Motozintla where the PVEM candidate for mayor was trying to take office.
0	This morning members of the Ministry of Public Safety and Municipal Transit withdrew from Puebla Zocalo Square to meet the security protocols of the celebrations commemorating the 202 anniversary of the Grito de Independencia to 63 members of the movement # YoSoy132 twho set up camp Thursday September 13 to express their rejection of the president-elect, Enrique Peña Nieto.
0	Students of the Faculty of Philosophy at the National University of Asunción was manifest on Tuesday at its headquarters in Punta Pytá Ita, and demanding more transparency in budget execution. 
0	National union of electrical workers protested against the fuel adjustment, privatization of the state agency, thermal expansion contracts.
0	Federal highways were the scene of protests by the Federal Highway Police. In Betim, Minas Gerais, 30 agents stopped cars on the BR-381.
0	Teachers in Northern Potosí are demanding the repeal of Supreme Decree 1320, which provides for the dismissal of teachers who are charged with crimes of sexual assault and violence.
0	Drivers associated with the Departmental Federation of Transportation set up some 20 roadblock points in the city (of Cochabamba) to protest Ordinance 4045, which sets differentiated fares for public transit, and to protest the poor condition of the roads.
1	One dead and four injured after a violent confrontation between the National Police and a large group of protesters blocking the highway to the Pierina mine in Ancash. Protesters demanded the provision of water to the villages near the mine.
0	For the third time this week, retired teachers blocked the roads and the highways of the city to demand the payment of their seniority benefit, amounting to 25 million pesos for more than 8000 retired teachers.
1	About 300 indigenous people and environmentalists protested against the construction of Belo Monte hydroelectric dam in Altamira, PA. The demonstration occurred about 50 kilometers from the county seat, in the area known as a cofferdam, a kind of earth dam built on the Xingu River Consortium Builder Belo Monte.
0	The shortage of doctors has led to this crisis, which in turn lead to a demonstration by transplant patients on the hospital grounds
0	Patients, workers, and citizens rally for health care
0	Bursts of gunfire and dozens of tear gas around the prison Plant sit for about 15 minutes, where more than 1,600 prisoners of flags that are still in prison located in Paradise and have resisted be transferred to other prisons. Meanwhile, the families who stay at the entrance of Plant guard and discussed with the police, baffled by what is happening, and asserted that "it is a slaughter" and that their imprisoned relatives are shooting at them "sniper" from the high of Paradise. 
0	Magaly Martinez, a resident of the area, said they decided to close the road "to ask for the repair of roads and electrical wiring because we have two power poles carrying the load." 
0	Describes protests of the "Indignados" that went on around the country (25 depts out of 32).  Protests involved students, labor groups, social movement groups, and a lot of the general population.
0	hundreds of demonstrators have gathered outside the summit venue in Cartagena to protest Cuba’s exclusion and to criticize the summit’s heavy focus on US interests in the region.
0	The FAA’s Argentine Rural Federation president Eduardo Buzzi accused the national government of implementing an agricultural policy that “is benefiting large corporations while exterminating small farmers.” He also rejected again the “tax hike” that Buenos Aires Governor Daniel Scioli is pushing through a provincial tax reform bill, which includes increases in rural property taxes. Growers from the provinces of Buenos Aires, Entre Ríos, Córdoba, Mendoza, Chaco, La Pampa and Santa Fe participated in the protest. 
0	From four o'clock on Mondaycarriers  blockaded Junín Township access roads in protest against extortion and insecurity prevailing in the area. With taxis and public transport buses blocked the exits to San Cristobal, San Antonio and the alternative pathway of the Corozo. 
0	Schools staged a colorful demonstration of several schools in the district of Providence who marched through the main streets of this district with some pupils who arrived in underwear to outside the offices of Mayor Cristian Labbe .
0	Relatives of victims of "paramilitary" crimes protested the transfer of the main prosecutor handling their cases
0	The 48-hour strike in defense of Francisco Carle Airport has resulted in the shutdown of the Central Road.
0	Students who have been in a sit-in at the University Pedagógica y Tecnológica de Colombia (UPTC) in Chiquinquirá have turned it into a hunger strike as of Wednesday, Oct 24th.  Approximately ten days before  the UPTC students staged protest sit-in.  they are protesting repair of a bridge students use, and the school's language proficiency requirement. 
0	Eight Prisoners at the San Pedro Prison, declared political prisoners, began a vigil and hunger strike in the yarad of the San Pedro Prison where they have been since June 19 at the offices of the UN located in La Paz, demanding that "political prisoners" who have been held for more than three years without being sentenced be released.
0	Administrative and health care workers in hospitals of the Ministry of Health began a 48-hour strike nationwide. They ask for a salary increase and that all contract workers be appointed.
0	On Thursday July 20th, members of the Association of Veterans of the Armed Forces,  marched to the Presidential Palace to petition the government for a number of benefits
0	Outsourced airport workers are protesting for better working conditions and higher salaries by blocking access to the Buenos Aires international airport. 
0	A group of neighbors stood Tuesday in the central park of Santa Catarina Mita, Jutiapa, to protest against a series of violent incidents that have occurred in this county.
0	Puerto La Cruz El Tiempo.com.ve reports that Health Minister Eugenia Sader told reporters that state governments have been receiving funds approved by President Hugo Chavez for the 30% pay increase ordered for government-employed medical personnel. The minister recalled that the Council of Ministers allocated 3.344 billion bolivares fuertes (VEF) ($777.6 million) to cover this expense. She added that a small group of doctors, representing only 20% of the 23,000 working in the country's public hospitals, have been "unscrupulously violating the Constitution of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela" by "holding an illegal strike in the last three months, which has failed to cripple hospital services." 
0	This morning, YPF workers blocked a refinery in Luján de Cuyo for almost six hours. The protestors demanded a salary raise between 25% and 35%.
0	Ignoring the binding arbitration ordered by the Argentine Ministry of Labor, the union launched a new protest, this one for 72 hours.  They blocked fuel refineries and distributors in 18 provinces and demanded an “urgent” raise of 30%.
0	(The following is a Google Translation) The anti-mining leader, Yolanda Oqueli was attache Wednesday afternoon while returning to his home after the protest against gold mining in San Pedro and San Jose Ayampuc Gulf.
0	The member organizations of the Bolivian Workers Central (COB) met today for 72-hour strike mobilized in support of Colquiri salaried miners demanding total reversion to the state site. There was also a march starting in the General Cemetery of La Paz to the center of the city.
0	Fernando Machado is one of the thirty workers Barrio Adentro that were posted Monday morning at the Towers of Silence in Caracas headquarters of the Ministry of Health, on hunger strike in protest at the continuing failure of the care program care.  Machado, who represents the union of workers of the Mission in Trujillo state, justified the measure because "the Ministry has laid off 500 employees nationwide, we have fixed charges to 32 thousand people, and we discount the cestatickets if we are sick, "reported the injured. 
0	Yesterday, supernumerary workers who regularly work, demonstrated to demand their wages, claiming that the payroll anomalies are not the only ones, but there are also flyers among unskilled workers.
1	Tourism to the islands of the Uros, located on Lake Titicaca shared by Peru and Bolivia, is impacted by anti-mining strike in the border region of Puno. Tourists are not able to enter Puno or Lake Titicaca and there is no movement between Peru and Bolivia. 
0	About 2000 Uruguayans protested in front of the Plaza Independencia, against the increased violence and insecurity of the nation and demanded immediate measure to beef up security. 
0	The city of Puerto La Cruz on Wednesday morning turned into chaos, after relatives of a murdered businessman protested the Public Prosecutor's Office, rejecting the insecurity in the city and demanding justice for this case. 
0	Pinto Salinas sector residents protested Andres Bello Avenue over the death of a disabled person (Soledad Longa, 38 years), who died when members of the National Police came into the neighborhood shooting.
0	The resident of Paipa protested against the highway because of the many accidents that occur on it.  The police broke the demonstration up with tear gas, stun grenades, and smoke bombs 
0	Nurses from the National Assoiation of Nurses and Auxiliary Nurses of Honduras protested a governemnt legislative act on life insurance
0	 The students are demanding the payment of the student benefit to the 422 education centers [schools], an end to oppression, and the appointment of a high-level commission to make reforms to the Fundamental Law on Education.
0	Fiscal auditors from the  Department of Agriculture striking for higher wages caused 250 trucks held up at the Paraguayan border as part of "Operation no Disembark".  
0	Coca farmers block a major highway that connects the Ucayali department with the rest of the country. The strike is a response to the government's policy of forced eradication of coca leaves, the main ingredient in cocaine.
0	To leave a message on the public to choose their leaders well this July 1, members of the movement YoSoy132 held a march. The venue was the Alamenda Mariano Escobedo. The march started at 18:30 with more than 300 participants.
0	 An estimated 10,000 Mexican teachers, many of whom have been targeted in extortion rackets run by criminal organizations, took to the streets of the Pacific resort city of Acapulco on Wednesday to demand greater security.
0	Active and retired teachers staged a protest in front of city hall because of back wages
0	Communities affected by the holdup of trucks of the Merlara distribution network, which belongs to the State of Lara, by officials of the National Army took over the Villa Boliviariana, which is located west of Barquisimeto and is where the trucks are being held, to demand that they be released immediately.  Some protesters clashed with the military.   "Arbitrarily, without any legal justification or warrant, Army officials prevent trucks go Merlara sectors of our city that distributed more than 20 tons of food," he said. Some of the products it distributes Merlara in areas north and west of the state are corn flour, oil, coffee, chicken, beef, tuna, cheese, sardines, pasta and rice.
0	The ceremony commemorating the 248 anniversary of the birth of General Jose Artigas, the Sauce, created discomfort to the government to receive protests from two different social groups.  Teachers and parents of students of Liceo 1, Willow, in the middle of the parade, unfurled banners demanding that the government "and complies with the building industry reform" that was committed to that and dozens of other study centers due to the large backlog that carry promised works. 
0	Doctors marched on the legislature building to call attention to their open letter demanding approval of a $80 million loan to improve hospital equipment.
1	About 60 students participated in a protest about the collapse of a bridge causing parents to not send their children to school.
1	During the morning of Friday, a protest held closed the road in both directions of the Core National Highway 9. The information was confirmed by the Secretary of Prevention and Miranda State Emergency and Civil Protection director general of regional, Victor Lira. The event takes place in the vicinity of the entrance to the community Machurucuto, where an estimated fifty people protesting the poor state of the roads and lack of water. 
0	CVG Venalum is reportedly operating at 25% of installed capacity, with the company's working environment worsening by the day. In addition, delays in the payment of outstanding labor liabilities and disputes over a new collective bargaining agreement have led to numerous labor protests and strikes. 
0	Dozens of members of the movement YoSoy132 of Puebla protested outside the premises of the local board of the Federal Electoral Institute in the capital of Puebla to criticize the performance of election officials during the last elections.
0	More than 200 workers, young people, and students marched from Paseo Bravo to the city square to protest the labor reform that the President, Felipe Calderon Hinojosa, introduced and that is being debated in Congress today.
0	The growers and sellers of corn are protesting the fact that corn is being imported while the corn output of the country is not being bought up, thus depressing prices.
0	The parents of children killed last year in Realengo staged a demonstration to show solidarity with the American victims
1	The demonstrators were protesting the damage that oil exploration and drilling were doing to clean water
0	Ayer continuaban las barricadas en distintos sectores de Valencia y San Diego
0	To protest the election results that indicate that the candidate elected President of the Republic is Enrique Peña Nieto, a group of young members of the movement # yosoy132 again held a march through the streets in the first quarter of Monterrey.
1	Activists of Pachuca Hidalgo and various municipalities, along with members of Greenpeace joined in with their peers in Aguascalientes, Mexico City, Chihuahua, Guadalajara, Jalapa, León, Monterrey and Puebla, to be quoted in emblematic monuments of each entity and provide information on toxic water pollution.
0	The employees struck over safety and outsourcing
1	Residents of the Villa 31 prevented the entry and exit of long distance buses at the station Retiro bus station, protesting the lack of electricity in a sector of the settlement. 
0	The residents were evicted by Military Police to make way for a development
0	Around ten thousand people marched in Caracas on Sunday to protest the sanctions by the U.S. on Venezuela’s state oil company Petroleos de Venezuela (PDVSA) for trading with Iran.
0	Some 30,000 peasants, workers, college students and unemployed demonstrated in Mexico City, calling on the government to improve people’s standard of living and do more to protect public safety.
0	Workers in the mining company Buenaventura begin 12-day strike, demanding a wage increase.
1	Tens of thousands of indigenous Bolivians have taken to the streets in La Paz to protest the construction of a road passing through a nature reserve in the Amazon River basin. 
0	Residents in several parts of the country took to the streets today, following the opposition’s motions in parliament to cut GPL’s subsidy, which can see persons paying as much as 20 percent more for electricity.A Partnership for National Unity and the Alliance for Change have proposed to cut as much as two billion dollars from the cash strapped, state run Power Company’s subsidy. This sparked a public outcry and residents took to the streets, calling on the opposition to trash the plan which can put additional strain on average Guyanese.
0	Just over 500 protesters belonging to the CNTE (National Coordinating Board for Education Workers) remain blocked all access host the Senate, whose legislative activities are virtually paralyzed.
0	35 thousand people marched Monday night in homage to the 231 deaths in Santa Maria due to the night club fire.  The demonstrators held a moment of silence in front of the gymasium where the victim's bodies were being identified.
0	Local media reported Merida making Dairy Plant New Andes Bolivia to demand wage demands
1	Around 70 residents of two land occupations closed highways in Campinas  to protest the re-integration of the land back to their owners.  
0	Nearly 5000 employees, academics and manual workers union of the Autonomous University of Sonora (Unison), stopped work in protest against the labor law reform, approved by the Members of Congress.
0	Auxiliary nurses in 17 departments throughout Honduras stopped work on January 26.
0	The head of the General Confederation of Workers (CGT) leveled criticism at the “haughty” attitude of the president, Cristina Kirchner, especially her role during the dictatorship.  However, his tone was conciliatory, and he called for dialog.
0	Strike in the education sector which began yesterday should not last long
0	At least 600 members of the Federal and State Preventive police are ready to enter at any time to the Normal School of Tiripetío Vasco de Quiroga, within which students maintain at least 18 vehicles for ten days, as protest the federal government's intention to expand from three to four years the period of his degree, and that computer and English are compulsory subjects from next school year.
0	About 40 peopleof the Machupe community on Sunday morning occupied a farm located in the community of Lautaro, as a way to reclaim that land, considered "ancestral territory"
0	Survivors, relatives and friends of victims of Cromañon protested outside the Obelisk to reject the latest ruling of the Court of Criminal Cassation Chamber III which toughened penalties for Callejeros musicians.
0	Santa Cruz health workers rejected the agreement signed yesterday by the administration and the National Confederation of Health Workers. An indefinite strike begins today.
0	The team was replacing a transformer.  Residents said they would not allow the team to leave until the work was done
0	Officially the mayor fired 80 employees administrative and operational. At night, verbally fired 60 CAM officers who refused to crack down on protesters.The dismissal of several employees of the municipality of Mejicanos yesterday generated a tense protest from those affected who demand the reinstatement of their jobs.In the afternoon, the district notified 80 employees of administrative and operational area (through a memorandum) that his place was deleted without explanation.At night, the list of dismissals grew when fired headquarters 60 Corps elements Municipal Agents (CAM) who refused to suppress redundant workers who protested in front of City Hall.Minutes later, inside the mayor came several hooded and armed with sticks and said they would defend municipal assets.They entered through the back of the hall. "People are unjustifiably dismissed him for political reasons because she (Mayor Juana de Pacas) said he would not leave anyone FMLN mayor," said Irma Angelica Majano, one of the goodbyes.In the afternoon, a garbage truck parking violently entered the mayor destroying a part of the main gate.There are two versions. One is that the Protestants had to use the truck as a shield for the safety of the mayor fired three shots at them. The other version is that an agent had to react CAM shots because they forced the gate.In the parking lot of the mayor, the police found a shell casing from a 9mm weapon.The city manager, Alex Iraheta, took no responsibility for the shooting or the city employee, Maria Candelaria Espinoza, who pepper sprayed the protesters, affecting some television cameramen."Remember that they may have infiltrated people here," the official justified.The place came the FMLN deputy deputy, Simon Paz, who brokered the Protestants to vacate the area. They say that today continue to pressure measurements. The Attorney for the Defense of Human Rights requested a dialogue.
0	Thousands of people took part in a demonstration over the weekend to urge Mexico City’s Legislative Assembly to ban bullfighting, joining people in 26 other cities across the country who took part in protests to promote the same cause...About 5,000 people turned out for the three-hour protest Sunday in the Zocalo, Mexico City’s largest plaza, Leonora Esquivel
0	About 500 people in the Emiliano R. Fernandez de Guarambaré square last night demonstrated against 12-year sentence of imprisonment imposed Victoriano Ramirez, alias "Astro Boy".
0	Maracaibo Panorama.com.ve reports that 2,700 employees of the National Electricity Corporation (Corpoelec) in Zulia State picketed the state utility company's headquarters in Maracaibo to press their demand for back pay and entitlements. In addition workers voiced their dissatisfaction with the delay in payment of year-end bonuses and demanded a 33% pay increase.
0	Over 1,000 persons staged a protest -carrying a coffin wrapped in a Bolivian flag- through the streets of Bajo Flores yesterday to call for justice for Lisbet Munoz Alvarez, 14, who was found semi-nude, raped, and dead in Villa Lugano early last Friday morning.  
0	The producers were protesting what they called the "indigenous invasion"
0	About 4000 people rallied to protest the assessments
1	Protesters  in Paso Yobái oppose the opening of Independencia, a gold mine. Miners are concerned that the law awarding the mining concession to Latin American Minerals Inc. could lead to the expropriation of their surface lots located within the concession. 
0	The workers were striking for a raise
0	They demand the dismissal of the head of the institution, arguing that he performs degrading acts and diverts resources for personal gain. 
0	Residents of the area surrounding the road to El Junquito protesting the failure of public services, coupled with patching work performed in that artery, were the source of the kilometer-long tail that affected traffic up and down in the Tuesday morning.
0	Workers have gone on general strike causing a halt to movement and delivery on several Panama Canal ports.
0	The unionized teachers of Montevideo (ADES) went on strike yesterday to protest the police presence in the schools, and the Minister of Interior said he would remove the police in 10 days and see what happens.
0	Doctors, dentists and pharmacists of Essalud began the first day of an indefinite nationwide strike to demand better working conditions and raises.
1	More than 300 farmers were mobilized to reject an ordinance that imposed broad restrictions on the use of agrochemicals.
1	The protesters were complaining about the heat in the mall and its effect on working conditions
0	In an unusual protest against municipal authorities Xalapa, operators rides were installed in the square Lerdo in the heart of the capital city of the state, unhappy because the Trade City moved them and took that space for more than a decade occupy during the celebration of the festivity of San Bruno neighborhood.
0	A group from Fuerza Joven (Youth Power), one of the organizations backing candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski, going into the presidential elections in October, protested the actions allegedly taken by the municipal authorities of San Juan and blamed the mayor of the jurisdiction for the arbitrary actions taken.
0	Nearly a hundred families protested yesterday morning for over four hours 1st Street La Urbina, to reject the eviction by the National Guard occupied a residential complex on "We closed the road in both directions because we had no choice.  Most are homeless, we were in the shelter Willian Lara, but for various reasons we went and then we do not appear in the database for the delivery of apartments, "said Ligia Gonzalez, who participated in the protest. 
0	Starting at 00.01 hours today, a group of company employees of Tur Bus has mobilized to strike after failing to reach agreement with the company on the points of the new collective agreement.
0	The displaced met five days in protest encampment outside the headquarters of the Government Palace, after being cleared by the state security forces.
0	Union of Teachers of Buenos Aires (UDOCBA) this morning began a 48-hour strike to demand an initial base salary of 3900 pesos.
0	A group of approximately 25 Mapuche men, women, and children took over the facilities of the Seminary of the Padre de las Casas Catholic church on grounds that the land where they have been built belongs to them "by ancestral right." 
0	Dozens of members of the Lay Civic Forum of Mexico joined the protest by supporters of various political institutions and social organizations, to prevent the adoption of 25 initiatives-laws, including the Chiapas government taking on debt of about 5 billion pesos .
0	The residents of the neighborhoods of Belgrano, Palermo, and Barrio Norte gathered to protest against corruption, lack of security, and the tie of the local currency to the dollar.  They were also protesting measures adopted by the government regulating the purchase of foreign currency.
0	The Sucre state police officers are continuing a sit-down strike for non-payment of their benefits and due to the announcement that they would receive only 22% of their vacation bonus, which upset the soldiers, who have been demanding the cancellation of debts for several months. 
0	Montevideo El Observadorreports on 30 November that high schools have been staging a strike since 28 November organized by the Association of High School Teachers (Ades) against the Promejora education program approved by the Central Education Council (Codicen). The strike has affected 39 high schools in Montevideo.
0	Thousands of workers in the La Parada wholesale market march to protesting their upcoming transfer to the Santa Anita market.
0	Teachers set-up a roadblock in Canindeyú demanding an increase in the education budget.
0	The passengers staged a protest over their lost baggage
0	The workers of the Port Union Antofagasta Terminal Internacional ( ATI ) began an indefinite strike Thursday morning after no agreement is reached with the company in collective bargaining.
0	The Francisco de Miranda avenue up to Chacao was blocked due to a protest outside the Ministry of Housing
0	At 6:00 am the driver closed three points of Sucre municipality protesting the insecurity and the constant attacks of those who are victims of crime.  The demonstrators denounced victims of robberies, burglaries generic, kidnappings and killings. 
0	After the election of the official government candidate, Hugo Chavez Frias, thousands of his followers turned out to celebrate the victory in the vicinity of the Miarflores Palace 
0	Faced with the Ministry of Health, members of various civic organizations to health authorities demanded that they stop being lenient with the soft drink industry. 
0	A group of one hundred fifty members of the movement YoSoy132 marched through the streets of the historic center of the capital of Zacatecas, to present a series of actions to denounce irregularities in the electoral process of this first of July and convene the general public to participate through social networks to report any unlawful act intending to purchase or coercion of votes in the state. 
0	The teachers took to the streets of the historic center to march and demand the payment of hundreds of teachers who work in rural areas and who are beneficiaries of the network program of the Ministry of Education and Culture SEC.
0	Lima Judiciary enter indefinite strike demanding wage increases.
0	Artigas Avenue is congested due to the closure of half of the road by employees of security firm Prosegur SA, who are on strike. 
0	Inmates of the Central Penitentiary of Santa Maria Ixcotel protested alleged mistreatment they have received from custodial staff. Members of the state police riot and the Mexican Army were present in the area to control the situation.
0	Caracas El Nacional Onlineon 12 January reports that more than 13,900 inmates are staging protests in 11 prisons of the country.  The conflict situation, which began at Yare I and Yare II on 1 January, spread to nine more prisons as a measure to exert pressure to demand celerity in the granting of parole.
1	Workers and rural residents are demanding compensation for land taken for the project
0	The Fuecys union, representing retail and services workers in Uruguay, is intensifying its industrial action as it has failed to reach an agreement with supermarket chains. 
1	Workers and their reps protested the terms of a proposed settlement for workers and environmental damages by Shell and Basf
0	The Joint Services’ movement into Linden last Friday morning was ordered by President Donald Ramotar, a day ahead of a planned operation, after residents allegedly attempted to burn the Wismar/Mackenzie Bridge, Head of the Presidential Secretariat Dr. Roger Luncheon said yesterday, while government accused the Region 10 leadership of deliberately prolonging the negotiations.
0	Outraged the residents of Barinas state Bolivar municipality, also known as Barnitas protested after the deaths of Jackson and Omar Fernandez Valero, when the convoy in which they were, on Saturday afternoon was attacked with bullets.  This Sunday people left their homes to organize a protest that paralyzed the entire village Barinitas, however some recommended to disperse while the funeral of the deceased and accompanying the family members.
0	Patients, workers, and citizens rally for health care
0	About 20 young people conduct a sit-in demanding that the municipality does not use public funds in beauty pageants.
0	A group of wives of policemen started a vigil today at the Police General Command in La Paz to reject the reassignment of their husbands.
0	At least 15 suspected Aqueche Institute students attempted to take by force the premises of the Institute for Girls Normal Central America (Inca), Zone 1, during a day of demonstrations against the change of the teaching profession, yesterday morning.
0	The work stoppage was called by workers of the UTA, who were protesting having their pay docked for the days of the record work stoppage in August. 
0	The workers of the EMFER Railroad Workshops blocked the Avenue General Paz to demand back wages and job guarantees.  The protests caused major traffic tieups.
0	Reports suggest thousands of people attended the controversial “Marijuana March” on Saturday afternoon in Rio’s Zona Sul (South Zone). The rally, which is now held in over 700 cities worldwide, celebrates Cannabis and defends the use of the drug as being part of a lifestyle choice. Reports indicate some protestors threw rocks at a police car and in retaliation rubber bullets were fired, hitting at least one, drawing a close to the protest.
0	Marches in Bogota on last day of the Week of Indignation (Semana de la Indignación) erupted in a riot with people arrested and several injured.  During this week various groups (students, labor unions, members of the Patriotic March and other social movements) were called on to protest social injustices, including lack of access to health and education, among other reasons.
0	Official plans to build an audiovisual center in the Isla Demarchi sparked the protest of workers in that area. 
0	Members of the 1 de Mayo movement demanded that the statue to the former Argentine president who organized the Desert Campaign be removed from the Civic Center.
0	At least 200 members of the movement # YoSoy132Puebla Amozoc took over the booth on the Mexico-Veracruz Highway in protest the decision of the Electoral Tribunal of the Judicial Power of the Federation (TEPJF) that validates the elections last 1 July and declared the elected president to be Enrique Peña Nieto.
0	About 250 employees of Integral Family Development System (DIF) of the municipality of Naucalpan prevented vehicle access on Avenue Gustavo Baz, in the center of this town for more than two hours, demanding payment of back wages.
0	Report that peaceful demonstration is performed by students of the University Institute New Professions.EL UNIVERSALFriday October 26, 2012   9:02 a.m.Caracas. - A student demonstration remains congested around the Altamira neighborhood of Chacao, as reported by users of the social network Twitter. far unknown reasons the students of the University Institute New Professions kept locked the sixth transverse of urbanization, however, it is recommended to take alternate routes to avoid congestion. further information shortly. 
0	Peasant organizations, supporters of the Front Guasu and civic groups, intermittently closed Route 8 to the input branch of the district of San Juan Nepomuceno in protest against what they call "coup against President Fernando Lugo." The mobilized around 1,500 people, still occupy half road and announce that remain encamped on indefinite vigil in the square Pa'i Bogado. In parallel, a few thousand people in the square of the Child Jesus on May 3rd District, marched down the avenue of the same name by rejecting what they call the breakdown of the democratic process. In the town of San Francisco also about 300 people executed roadblocks for short spaces, which announced will continue indefinitely.
0	Teachers protest march in Panama City
0	Only emergency patients, pregnant women and children would be treated by hospitals with FMW workers.
0	The fans are upset over a large rise in ticket prices
0	On July 26, over 2000 workers marched to the National Assembly in Caracas in support of increased workers’ control. Handing over a document with over 45,000 signatures, the workers demanded that the legislative body approve the Special Law for Socialist Worker Councils and begin an immediate discussion of a “new and revolutionary” Organic Work Law (LOT)
0	The truckers were protesting a schedule change that requires them to travel at night
0	A group of 20 owners of cranes remain in demonstration in front of Government House to demand the payment of 12 million pesos (MDP) that is owed ​​the Jalisco Institute of Social Welfare (IJAS).
0	Rio bus drivers entered into a strike Monday to obtain higher salaries and elminate the need to take change and drive the buses,  however the President of the union promised nothing would change for riders and that the union would meet again on the 28th.  
0	 General Union of Workers of the Ministry of Health (SITRAMISAL)suspendedwork at the national Psychiatric Hospital.  They are protesting the appointment of the director, Dr. Juarez. Despite the 'strike' the union says patients are being cared for.
0	Workers at Enmore Sugar Estate yesterday began strike action after a letter was sent from GuySuCo to the Guyana Agricultural and General Workers Union (GAWU) stating that it would be unable to pay the workers their ‘back pay’.
0	The protesters want popular input to the decisions surrounding the demolition work
0	About 2500 protesters turned out to protest the profit motive in education.  Education authorities accused the student union of breaking promises it had made the day before.
0	4 dead and dozens injured in nationwide protests by supporters of the political party The Liberal Independents in opposition to national election results. The protests became violent between opposition parties. 
0	Police and the Guyana Fire Service were last night deployed to Agricola, East Bank Demerara after residents briefly blocked the public road, burning tyres in protest of what they called “police discrimination.”
0	Residents of the parish Carayaca protest the killing of two brothers closed the entrances to the town and taking the Civil Headquarters facilities to demand greater police surveillance and the presence of National Guard troops. La Guaira. - The killing of two brothers identified as Ulises Miguel Alvarez (23) and Gabriel Antonio Alvarez. (26) in the middle of the town of Carayaca Wednesday afternoon triggered a protest by foreign residents of the parish litoralense, who blocked access to the town for about two hours and took the Civil Headquarters facilities, requiring increased vigilance police and the presence of National Guard troops. According to witnesses the two men, who worked as bus drivers line Carayaca The Junquito, were killed by a couple of trucks. Both were headed to the supermarket Lusitana in the La Planada of Carayaca when they were gunned down. One died on the spot and the other within minutes of entering the Hospital "Dr. Eudoro González" The killers fled the path of El Junquito. The protest was led by family members, who indicated that police had been presented at the burial to conduct interrogations on presumed dead as a reckoning. They also arrested a cousin and a friend, who showed at the funeral "for disturbing public order". "Instead of coming to disturb those who want to honor their dead, work to prevent this from happening. They were laborers. For there can boast a vengeance.'s that all police are thugs "said Manuel Alvarez, brother of the victims. Other neighbors claimed the passivity of the police. "Today they are rowdy because there were two dead, but there must be blood to act. Carayaca We demand security, more police, more roads custody" Braulio Perez said by telephone, Carayaca neighbor helmet. was waiting for the day of Today a meeting between neighbors and authorities to determine Vargas new security measures.
0	The protests were aimed at the Urban Renewal Plan for parts of Medellin
0	Radical students clash violently with opposition legislators
0	About 100 employees of the Bogota Mayor's office protested the change in work hours.  They claim they will not have enough time with their families
0	Public hospital doctors strike begins
1	residents of the rural community of La Pena in Simon Rodriguez Municipality, southern Anzoategui State, staged a protest over the environmental damage caused by two oil spills in the Bare 1 and Bare 4 fields. 
0	At least 200 trucks took the center of the city and locked down several avenues of the capital of the state of Morelos this morning.
0	Some 400 members of an indigenous community in southwestern Colombia occupied a military base Wednesday, demanding government forces leave the region, which has been plagued by increasing violence recently. The base is responsible for maintaining communication antennas in the area, and is located two hours from the troubled municipality of Toribio in the department of Cauca, the site of ongoing clashes between Colombia's Armed Forces and the FARC.
0	About 20 families block Avenida Almirante Brown to 1200 in protest against a court order evicting them.
0	The protest is in opposition to recent unnotified reduction in school hours guaranteed to students.
0	About 300 farmers protested and blocked a road near Valdivia for several hours.  They want the government to do more in providing education and health care. 
0	Thousands of demonstrators rally in Rio de Janeiro against oil legislation aimed at distributing the proceeds of Brazil's booming energy industry more widely among states. The government of Rio State, which organized the protest, says the proposal would strip it of funds for basic social services and hurt its ability to prepare for the 2014 World Cup soccer tournament and 2016 Olympic Games. 
0	Nearly one quarter of the bank branches in the country strike.
0	Ecuadorian journalists denounced threats to freedom of expression by the government of President Rafael Correa, during demonstrations in Quito four days before a referendum that proposes to regulate media content and limit their investments. 
0	Various trade unions, members of the movement # YoSoy132 and former federal deputies blocked pedestrian and vehicular access to the Legislative Palace from San Lazaro, in condemnation of this preferential labor initiative of President Felipe Calderón.
1	The residents have been without power for 48 hours and blocked the road for 90 minutes with burning debris
0	Dozens of workers of PDVSA East Coast of the Lake in Zulia state, camped for a month in front of the main gate of the headquarters of the state oil company in the countryside, awaiting a response to its claim of being incorporated into fixed payroll. 
0	A back tire and had to move thousands of motorists who passed yesterday by different parts of the capital.Several protest marches took to the streets of the capital, mayors and arteries surrounding municipalities.The Alameda Juan Pablo II was one of those affected by the chaos, due to a protest march in which many different associations of street vendors, which focused early hours around the street and park Dario Bolivar.With banners the demonstrators arrived at the Legislature to deliver a piece of mail, and ask for a solution to the evacuation plan 30 blocks from downtown. They settled for several hours, waiting to be heard by legislators and ask them to approve a decree preventing repressive acts evictions."Our goal is that by legislative decree reform the municipal code, we are asking the lords of the different fractions of the parties that help us validate this piece of correspondence," said Martin Montoya.Vendors were received by Deputy Rodolfo Parker, Hope Party (PES). The congressman said he will not allow the eviction of traders if Norman Quijano no alternatives for relocation.In its wake, this protest caused a big mess in the center of the capital, for motorists to find alternate routes, packed the surrounding streets like Avenue Resume, 2nd. North Avenue, Avenue Spain and others, making public transport and other vehicles diverted their routes.Children around the park became impassable in the morning.Minibuses and buses diverted public transport routes, which made many late for work and others have to walk long distances to reach their destination."It's good to protest, but the trouble is that we do spend more gasoline for pleasure," said Angel Flores annoying, a driver.This was the only area not crowded, since the increase in the price of a sack of flour was an alarm to bakers took to the streets to demand the executive, an alternative to this price increase, according to them, it affects them directly daily sustenance.Bakers bicycles and baskets came from the Savior of the World to Presidential Palace, causing heavy traffic jams in the mall Manuel Enrique Araujo, causing the step Resume virtually impossible. Hundreds of motorists had to wait for hours, although some sought alternate routes, unsuccessful, as the Zona Rosa and near the International Convention Centre (CIFCO) and Mascot were congested street.The same was in the colonies surrounding the campus La Lechuza, where they were detained for hours by bakers.Some drivers, such as Edgardo Jose Esquivel, had to wait over an hour in the traffic jam. Unsuccessfully Esquivel deviated by the San Francisco, but also was filled with vehicles."I deviated from the normal route of travel wanting to get ahead and I think I came to get worse by the closure at the fair," said the motorist.Those who passed through the highway The Próceres not escaped the jam. There is only one lane, at the end of this boulevard, was enabled due to the work being carried out at the junction of Boulevard Diego de Holguín. Rows Monserrat came to the colony.More clutterProblems spread to other municipalities. Unionists Resume mayor of yesterday blocked the departure of more than 20 garbage trucks, affecting service in the municipality.The mayor dismissed soyapaneca occupied campus facilities that are stored in garbage trucks and blocked the exit, as a measure of pressure for Mayor Jaime Lindo reinstall consider the request in office.Just yesterday met 32 ​​days they were made redundant, according to them, in an "unjustified and processes violating the Law of Municipal Civil Service".People demanded that the mayor fired solve the problems of workers.The measure was held for more than three hours and was monitored by the PNC.In the end, they decided to raise the action dismissed, but announced that execute other pressures until their reinstatement.A service worker garbage complained of union action and said he had a political purpose, not labor.On the other hand, in the Hospital Saldaña, members of the General Union of Employees of the Ministry of Public Health and Social Assistance (SIGESAL) blocked one lane of the road to Los Planes de Renderos, demanding better working conditions. They call for the removal of headquarters.Protesters with banners demanding "respect for the rights of workers" and immediate solution to labor disputes.Moreover, at a concentration of CV were members of various unions of the mayor. There were about 30 people who complained about the administration of the mayor and the temporary permission given to sellers who are in the market area Zacamil.
0	Fire fighters, Military Poiice and Metropolitan Civil Guard tried to fight a building fire set in the afternoon of 11/22 by 100 demonstrators whom occupied an abandoned property in the north zone of Sao Paulo after police confronted them. The fire burned several automobiles along with the abandoned buildng.  
0	Well-armed inmates in one of Venezuela’s notoriously overcrowded prisons rioted over the weekend, killing 25 people, the government said yesterday.In familiar scenes for Venezuelans, relatives wept outside the Yare I complex in the central coastal state of Miranda, as sketchy details emerged of fighting among armed gangs in the prison.
0	The protest was staged by former workers of the Urban Development Company of Goiânia
0	A march takes place in Guayaquil for the anniversary of the death of Jaime Hurtado a democrat political representative.
0	Transcaribe workers late in the evening block entrance to La Prensa, to try and prevent delivery of next day's paper
0	Since late July, the Federation of Public Health Officials (FFSP) held a strike with occupations and demonstrations to demand more funds for the sector in Accountability. This Wednesday the situation became more tense, when the workers occupied various hospitals, whereupon the Chief Executive decreed that they were to be considered “essential facilities”.  Ultimately, with the mediation of the PIT-CNT, the occupation action was halted, and the Government suspended the decree of “essential facilities” in order to create a new atmosphere for negotiation at the Ministry of Labor.  
0	Private university students held a completely peaceful demonstration in downtown Santiago on 21 June against institutions profiting from higher education
0	The Secretary General of Government, Jesús Martínez Álvarez, recognized that only seven of the 75 protesters at the encampment have going for precautionary measures issued by the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights (IACHR), the rest of the protesters do not live in the city agency San Juan Copala, lie in neighboring towns as cold or Yosoyuxi "he added.
0	Puerto La Cruz El Tiempo.com.ve reports that bus drivers in northern and western Anzoategui State yesterday staged a walkout lasting about five hours to demand that the National Urban Transportation Foundation Fund (Fontur) pay them VEF 4 million ($930,000) in unpaid student fare subsidies. According to Lorenzo Rodriguez, head of the Single Union of Transport Workers of Anzoategui (Sutta), the strike call was heeded by 90% of the state's 1,500 bus drivers. 
0	FOUR persons were killed last evening and several others injured, and the PPP/C Linden office and the Linmine Secretariat were razed as police moved to clear the Mackenzie/ Wismar bridge following the second day of protests by Lindeners against the July 1, hike in electricity charges in the town. 
0	Penetentary agents began a work stoppage Wednesday morning for 24 hours in 18 states and the Federal District to protest against President Dilma Rouseff's veto of Law 87/2011 that would have authorized the agents to carry their firearms off duty. 
0	About 800 members of the movement # YoSoy132 marched from the Plaza de Armas to the headquarters of the local board of IFE (Federal Electoral Institute)  to protest the victory of Peña Nieto. The young people observed a minute of silence because "democracy is dead" in the wake of the results of the elections of July 1, they said.
0	HUNDREDS of APNU (A Party for National Unity) supporters yesterday afternoon marched from Sophia to Parliament Buildings, loudly chanting pro-APNU slogans, in protest against the results of the November 28 general and regional elections. The pro-APNU band, registering strong support for their leader, David Granger, chanted "We want David Granger!" 
0	Correa rallies supporters against opposition
0	Workers at the Oruro Municipal Sanitation Company (Emao) today began a 24-hour strike demanding a leveling of wages.
1	Thousands of cooperative miners gathered today in Ceja of El Alto for a mass protest march to demand their right to exploit the grain Rosario Mining District Colquiri also require the removal of the president of the Mining Corporation of Bolivia (Comibol), Héctor Córdova.
0	Hundreds of professors of higher education in Costa Rica, suspended lectures and marched to protest the corruption and to demand harsh punishment to tax evaders.
0	8,000 mototaxistas (motorbike taxi drivers) protest and block streets in Piura calling for a meeting with the mayor to discuss circulation permits and the use of ‘stops’ for taxi drivers in the city.
1	THE Guyana Agricultural and General Workers Union (GAWU) and the Demerara Timbers Limited (DTL) have agreed to several terms for workers to resume duty, ending a two-day strike at Mabura.  Workers at Demerara Timbers Limited’s (DTL) Mabura Hill location continued their strike until last Thursday, hoping that the company would restore round-the-clock electricity.  According to the media, workers had stated that insufficient electricity supply had also resulted in vaccines and other medicines being destroyed because they were not being refrigerated continuously.Residents are also concerned about dirty water being supplied to them by the DTL’s facilities.
0	Nearly 5,000 teachers took to the streets of the Mexican Pacific resort city of Acapulco to demand that officials provide protection for them in the wake of threats from criminal organizations
0	Former IHNFA employees protest at Ministerio Público (Public Ministry) for non-payment of entitlements
0	Education Minister Priya Manickchand today condemned the torching of the One Mile Primary School in Linden this morning. The school accommodated 830 pupils.
1	The residents say that power is out every night and the utility refuses to replace a transformer
1	Residents of Lomas del Campestre symbolically demonstrated by surrounding a building which is already under construction, a columbarium and chapel they believe does not comply with legal requirements; they also claim that traffic will impact the environment.
0	Activists Coalition • PRD-PT-Citizens Movement freed 80 prisoners from the city jail Motozintla, Chiapas, in protest against the ruling of the Superior Electoral Court of the Judicial Power of the Federation (TEPJF) which ratified the triumph PVEM candidate, Oscar Galindo.
0	The miners joined public school teachers in a protest march organized by the Bolivian Workers Central, which called for a two-day strike to press demands for raises higher than the 7 percent offered by the government.
0	Teachers demonstrate in front of the Department in Colonia La Sabana.
1	Residents of the La Presa-La Tejocote district set up in front of the government palace at an early hour in protest of inefficient public services, asking for the introduction of water, sewage and electricity.
0	The union was blocking roads and obstructing patient access.  The faculty asked them to negotiate their problems rather than acting
0	Two NGOs marches against the reform of Article 24 of the Constitution of the United Mexican States made ​​during Tuesday and two afternoon protests led by the Movement # YoSoy132Puebla increased traffic problems generated by the works on the boulevard May 5 and prevented traffic flow with loss of time from two to three hours for those trying to cross the city. 
0	Residents of several communities Malacatán, San Marcos, protesting against the municipality and government to negotiate a debt with the Western Electricity Distribution Company (Deocsa) to restore service.
0	State workers across Colombia held a 24-hour strike on May 30. The action was accompanied by protest marches in Bogotá and other major cities. A principal demand was the negotiation of a petition for salary raises and labor improvements that they had presented to President Juan Manuel Santos toward the end of 2010.
0	A group of social workers in the Barrio Adentro mission conducted a protest outside the Ministry of Health, in the Simón Bolívar Center towers, to claim outstanding payments and the reinstatement of several workers who were victims of unfair dismissal. 
0	Doctors, nurses, and some administrative staff protest at noon for a new building at the Children's Hospital
0	Just after 10:00 pm on Thursday residents of El Valle took to the streets to protest a double murder, unofficially the victims were identified as employees of the Mission House, as reported by telephone to Latest News residents. 
0	The protests of the applicants in the selection process of police continue against the Carondelet Palace (Historic Center of Quito) . At this time, a group of 60 young people ask to be considered for the next call without giving evidence. This happens after the meeting yesterday with the Deputy Interior Minister Javier Cordova, in Quito Regiment 1. At the meeting, the official said that priority will be for the next call, but will have to retake the physical and medical tests. youth disagree with this approach and want to enter directly to the training schools in the following call, because they were eligible in the call that ended last week. They say they will stay in the Plaza Grande until the situation is resolved.  
0	Feminest group members participated in a protest Tuesday afternoon in Sao Paulo, demanding transparencey in the investigation into the death of a student intern who fell from the 7th story of a building in Sao Paulo.  
0	The protesters blocked intersections with their demonstrations
1	Shortage of water triggers riots
0	Roads of Quetzaltenango, and San Marcos Totonicapán became battlegrounds yesterday when the National Civil Police (PNC) provided clear blocked routes in rejection of teaching career reform by student teachers, who attacked police with stones and sticks.
0	A group of residents took to the streets to protest the measure by Conatel and National Guard members repressed them, according to unofficial reports disclosed by Globovision.
0	Protest which began around 7am in border town of Paraguachón (La Guajira) ended in a riot. Protest was over the  lack of electricity for the past two months. 
0	A group of students of the newly taken 2 Insuco Lyceum of the community of Santiago jumped to Spain Avenue and cut traffic on Tuesday morning for a few minutes, causing the reaction of police special forces who dispersed them using tear gas.
0	Video protest  article and no event description listed.
0	Landless farmers occupy private land to protest broken promises in regards to agricultural reform
0	Reporters from various media and national state were physically and verbally attacked by Totolapan Township residents, who were photographed, videotaped, when in his attempt to enter the state Congress intended to set fire to the front door of the building.
0	In Chimbote, more than 2,000 striking teachers marched through the streets. Police used tear gas. Three protesters were wounded.
0	The protest was aimed at the many assaults that take place in the tunnel, especially at night
0	Families of dead inmates due to prison fire, protest the delay in receiving the bodies of their family members.
0	Workers of the Mayor and City Council (M&CC) yesterday staged a protest over the non-payment of salaries while threatening additional industrial action that may result in the total shutdown of the City Hall.
0	Tired of the constant blackouts and the poor state of the roads, the people of the Virgin Gorge hamlet in the municipality Guanare, yesterday blockaded the access road to the National Shrine in the early hours of the morning.
1	Residents of Boca del Drago closed road to landfill in protest.  They think the landfill is a threat to their health
1	A group of residents from the area of Los Cerritos Caucagua, Acevedo are keeping the road to the Pepsi Cola plant blocked to demand better services. This community has problems with transportation, poor roads, power, and water. 
0	Four students who belonged to the decentralized nursing career at the Universidad Mayor de San Simón (UMSS) of Totora, maintain a hunger strike to protest the lack of the schools commitment to a promised transfer of the students because of the schools closing of the program.
0	This was yet another protest against the high rate of homicides in the country
0	Students of the Center for Research and Advanced Studies of Dentistry and Health (Cieses), an institution incorporated in the Autonomous University of Puebla (BUAP), came out of their rooms this morning to protest lack of materials and supplies for their classes.
0	Social protest outside the Supreme Court of Justice by civic coordinators during Constitution Week.  Protest is "because the judiciary is who should ensure compliance with the Constitution and other laws of country"
0	In Monterrey, supporters of the youth movement and civil society organizations protested through the streets of downtown against the election of the PRI candidate.
0	National Institute of Anthropology and History (INAH) in Jalisco yesterday began their protests at the Regional Museum of Guadalajara in defense of "the history and archeology of Mexico," as indicated by the signs hanging in the entrance corridor of the facility.
0	oup of students held closed Serdán Achilles Avenue, where classes have been suspended. About 25 young members of the group "Libertarian" came to demonstrate outside the study center to condemn the arrests of students in rural schools in that state.
0	Two dozen members of an organization called Civil Front of Queretaro, took a toll booth Mexico-Queretaro to protest the approval of the amendments to the Labour Law. 
0	Fisherman burned a boat and kept the blockade of the port , which began on Monday morning. They are protesting the Fisheries Act.
0	About 25 demonstrators delivered the petition
0	Teachers assigned to the Apure State Government marched yesterday from Carabobo Avenue to the headquarters of the Labour Inspectorate in San Fernando, where teachers and magisterial command requested the reactivation of the collective agreement signed with 10 years without enactment , in a document. 
0	Parents and students of the school of St. Maurice subdivision in canton Cantarrana Santa Ana, protested yesterday and prevented the normal development of classes to demand the transfer of four teachers of the school, one of them Carlos Luis Rivas, who serves as director.
0	In the early hours of today, the 9th district residents blocked the bridge Percy Fernandez fourth ring to demand execution of works.
0	Barquisimeto elinformador.com.ve on 5 September reports that vegetable growers from all over Lara State and the rest of the country held a tractor caravan through the town of Quibor to protest against the large-scale onion imports from Ecuador made by the Venezuelan Government, a situation they said could adversely affect the livelihoods of some 20,000 farmers.
0	This morning dozens of farmers blocked Route 5 South, off of San Javier, in the Maule Region, to protest against a decision of the Court of Appeals of Talca by the use of the waters of the Laguna del Maule that favors the multinational Endesa. Water cannons were used to disperse the demonstrators. Finally, several farmers were arrested and police restored traffic.
0	Protesters turned out to protest the lack of Christmas lights
0	Members of the Sindicato de Empresa de Trabajadores de la Universidad de El Salvador (SETUES) protested in front of the national university, blocking the entrance.  They are protesting over wage issues and because they want the budget strengthened.  Students, wanting to attend class, broke through the gates. 
0	Suntracs workers protest hiring of Honduran workers
0	Indigineous members of Índios Pukobjê-Gavião from the Indigenous Land Governor in Amarante, MA are combating lumbermen who are encroaching on their lands poaching wood and are demonstrating in the streets and confiscating lumber trucks.  Members are concerned that the lumbermen will take reprisals against them and are requesting Federal Police to protect them. 
0	The bus strike in the State of Rio, which has taken thousands of buses off the road and resulted in long queues in over fifteen cities and towns, is set to continue as Friday’s Regional Workers Tribunal (TRT) meeting between the bus workers union and the bus companies failed to reach an agreement. The strike began on Thursday when over eighty percent of Setrerj’s 3,767 strong fleet were rendered out of action as the result of the industrial action.
0	Around 300 persons wearing clown noses demonstrated Saturday in Sao Paulo against Senator Renan Calheiros assumption of the Senate presidency by shutting down one lane of Paulista Avenue, marching with signs and shouting "out with Renan" .
0	 Sindicato de Empresa de los Trabajadores de la UES ( SETUES ) union protesting outside the National University over wages and budget issues, income equalization. Protest hinders ability to conduct work at univerity's administration building
0	Hugo Moyano and Pablo Micheli led a demonstration outside Congress yesterday to repudiate the new regime of working risks that devised the Casa Rosada and yesterday became law despite the rejection of almost the entire Trade Union
0	Residents of the Lucio Cabañas (student) hostel blocked Madero Ave., the main street in Morelia, about midday on Saturday to demand the release of almost 200 of their companions who had been arrested in a police operation hours earlier...During the operation early Saturday, police arrested 194 presumed students, all males and 14 of whom were minors...
0	The indigenous group, the NASA, have demanded that the army, FARC, and other guerillas leave their area.  They say no one protects them so they don't want any outsiders there.  The campaign reached a climax a week later on July 17 when hundreds of members of the Nasa’s “Guard”—an army including women, children and the elderly, whose only weapons are ceremonial wooden sticks — stormed a military base near Toribio, a town particularly hard-hit by the conflict. A few days earlier, they’d given soldiers a deadline by which to leave; when they failed to meet it, the Guard marched to the top of the 7,500-foot mountain where they were camped and successfully kicked them out.
0	YoSoy132 called on members of the other organizations involved in the mobilization to rally at that site. GDF figures indicate that more than 20,000 demonstrators took part.
0	Leftist organizations and Colombian residents in Argentina were demonstrating a few metres away from the Gran Rex theatre in protest of the presence of former Colombian president Álvaro Uribe, whom they accuse of committing “heinous crimes against the people of his country.” 
0	The Alto Hatillo neighbors took to the streets to protest the poor condition of the roads, insecurity, and lack of responses from the authorities. 
0	Rural and Township Simojovel locals dressed in white marched through the streets of your town, demanding that the government of Chiapas install a municipal council.
1	Several neighboring residents in surrounding neighborhoods to 9 mile route to the Atlantic came to manifest in rush hour on Tuesday to demand that the City repair drains due to flooding resulting in instead.
0	Over 180 associations and 10 unions representing transportation workers went on strike demanding higher wages due to rising costs of fuel.
0	The workers are demanding 30% hazard pay and an end to moral harassment. A demonstration by around 5,000 laborers of naval complex de rio Grande paralized operations of the Rio Grande Shipyard by delaying their work day by four hours to for a 30 percent raise and end mistreatment  by the owners.
0	Banana workers protesting against union and management agreements in order to facillitate passage of an amendment to Labor Code
0	City services were interrupted by union members in protest of cuts.
0	A  group of people made ​​a demonstration outside the Ministry of Housing and Habitat in Chacao. They are estimated to victims who require housing. 
0	Unionized workers of the College of Bachelors of Hidalgo (Cobaeh) announced a work stoppage because of alleged violations of their rights to payment for services rendered.
0	Workers are demanding a raise
0	The employees struck over non-payment of wages
0	A contingent comprised of various unions including STUNAM, EMS, and representatives of the IPN, left the Angel of Independence heading towards the Zocalo to protest against labor reform by President Felipe Calderón 
0	Sanitation employees demand that their leader not intervene in the election process of section one when elections are held to elect its secretary general
0	Clashes between Peruvian police and protesters opposed to the expansion of La Cantera prison in the coastal province of Cañete leave one dead and 20 injured. Police quickly bring a halt to the unrest, clearing the Panamericana Sur highway with the help of a helicopter that fires tear gas to disperse the demonstrators.
1	On Monday, scores of people were buried in the ash generated by the thermoelectric plant in Coronel Bocamina II. The protesters argue that the trial run has contaminated the coastal edge of the area.
0	A group of students protested in front of the Legislative Assembly of Goiás, in Sector West, in Goiânia. They protested the passing of a bill by the Senate reserving 50% of seats in federal institutions for graduates of public schools .
0	Street vendors protest city evicting them from various locales.  Want solution to the evictions
0	Hundreds of public servants on Wednesday protested the Alliance For Change’s proposed GUY$3B cut in the national budget which will see a number of workers in the public sector being sent home
0	Protesters formed a human wall to demand the construction of roads in the area, say daily traffic congestion affects about 170,000 people.
0	Workers at Enmore Sugar Estate yesterday began a planned three-day strike to sound their dissatisfaction over the terms of an agreement for salary increases for years they were underpaid by GuySuCo.
1	Caracas Globovision Television in Spanish at 0136 GMT on 3 April in its "Globovision News" program reports that local residents and business owners in the city of Villa de Cura in Aragua State blocked the highway leading to the Guarico State capital city, San Juan de los Morros, to protest faulty water and sewer services.
0	A group of 14 soldiers began a hunger strike demanding their eturn to active duty to meet the 35-year service in order to retire with 100 percent of their wages.
0	Employees from the Panama Ports Company declared a strike over wages, working conditions, allocation of additional hours.
1	A group of 50 fishermen yesterday closed the entrance to the estuary Huayla in Puerto Bolivar, to launch a protest against the exploitation of gas by EP Petroecuador.
1	Around 20 residents of Barra protested yesterday against construction of a olympic golf course and a resort on a Beach Reserve.
0	The union of employees of the National Civil Aviation and Aviation Infrastructure (Dinacia) moved yesterday to demand better wages and payment for items that are owed to workers. The move meant delaying the delivery of the plans of commercial flights. At first it was assumed that the measure would force later off to different aeronautical services.
0	Even as the Alliance For Change (AFC) sought to quell fears that it wants budget cuts for all contract workers, hundreds of government employees picketed against the move outside Parliament Building. Government ministers denied instigating the protest but they were in the fore front, condemning the AFC, saying that party was showing its true colours as "anti-working class" and "charlatans".
0	a provisional law that determined the expulsion of a group of militants from the Homeless Workers Movement whom have occupied a building in Brasiliza since January 5th in was dropped by the Justice. 
0	About 200 people marched through the streets of Pachuca against what they called the "electoral fraud that imposed Enrique Peña Nieto." The group traveled from the Reloj Monumental to the facilities of the Federal Electoral Institute on avenida Constituentes.
0	The protesters were trying to keep the Health Coop (Saludcoop) from being shut down
0	Thousands of protesting and striking teachers on Wednesday (October 12) clashed with riot police in Acapulco as hundreds of schools remained closed in the city because of threats from drug cartels. 
0	Maracaibo Panorama.com.ve reports that more than 6,000 physicians across Zulia State declared an indefinite strike to press for higher pay and improved work conditions, affecting outpatient services and elective surgeries. Rafael Medina, vice president of the Zulia State Medical Association, said the strike call was heeded by 92% of physicians in Zulia and 95% nationwide.
0	The Pan-American Highway, which connects the provinces of Imbabura and Carchi, in northern Ecuador , was blocked by people of Afro-Ecuadorian community of Carpuela . Around 30 protesters placed stones and tree trunks on the driveway. According to Leon Salceldo, Carpuela dweller, dwellers protest the lack of attention of the Ministry of Transport and Public Works (MTOP) to requests for payment of compensation for the export of stone material in that community of Imbabura.
0	A group of Mapuche natives have occupied the offices of UNICEF in Santiago since last week to protest violence against children in La Araucania Region.
0	The city’s teachers began their strike today as a group of them crossed Avenida de Mayo to protest outside government buildings.The Union of Education Workers (UTE-CTERA) said that on average between 85 and 90% of workers have stopped work today to support the protest at the unfair removal of six education professionals.
0	Peasants belonging to the July 16 sub-central began a blockade on the road linking the cities of Trinidad and Santa Cruz, in protest to the subjugation of land registered in the region.
1	Two protests impact traffic in Bogota.  Second group is protesting national mining policies
0	The Bolivian Medical Council announced a 24 hour strike to reject the government’s increase of their work day from six to eight hours without compensation.
1	The spokesman for the group said it was seeking more resources from the State to solve housing problems.
0	Around 200 people showed their dissatisfaction with the apparent elected mayor of the town of Anahuac, Desiderio Urteaga, since he could not serve in public office for 10 years.
0	 group of suspected yesterday dismissed workers blocked the entrance of the mayor of Soyapango, to protest the layoffs of 53 employees ordered by the council of that municipality. A truck with flat tires prevented from entering the commune soyapaneca.Resume Mayor Jaime Lindo, insisted yesterday the police intervention for the eviction of union and, according to him, the FMLN movements are blocking the entrance to the municipality and service delivery.He charged that yesterday there blocking for garbage collection. Cute soyapaneco accused the former mayor, Carlos Ruiz, of being behind these labor movements edilicio destabilization.The mayor gave a press conference, supported by deputies and mayors of ARENA. Deputy Enrique Valdes acuerpó tricolor in "sue the director of the National Civil Police (PNC) and acting and restore order." He said people who are planted in front of the mayor are not workers, but members of the Revolutionary Student Brigade of El Salvador (BRES) and Lemon Brigade, which are formed by the FMLN basis.The mayor said he continues to develop his work from exile. He said the municipality services are reduced.Edilicio chief said the dismissal of 53 workers, was not politically motivated, but they were people who came just to score and did not work. However, said he was open to that cases are resolved in court by legal means.
0	The operating room employees of the Hospital Mexico stopped work in protest  over the elimination of a fourth shift due to budget cuts.  They say this will jeopardize health of citizens. They also are complaing about how they are treated by head operating room nurse and doctor.
1	About 30 people were arrested yesterday and over 50 were injured during the police crackdown and clashes that occurred. Residents were resisting the installation of underground wiring transformative power plant because of health issues resulting from the plant.
0	 Maracaibo Panorama.com.ve reports that thousands of oil workers gathered outside the Miranda building in Maracaibo, which serves as the Zulia headquarters of Venezuelan Petroleum, Inc. (PDVSA), to voice their rejection of the recently imposed US sanctions against the state oil company.
0	Dragons prevented entry to the site The Tordillo, located a few kilometers from Comodoro Rivadavia, after failing to reach an agreement with Pan American Energy. 
0	A week after three men were slain in Linden during protests against an increase in electricity tariffs, the main opposition APNU drew over a thousand persons in demonstrations of solidarity in the capital city and to push for the resignation of Home Affairs Minister Clement Rohee.
0	Around 100 residents of teh encampment Milton Santos located in Americana, SP invaded the Lua Institute located in the Ipiranga burrough of Sao Paulo Monday morning to protest the judicial decision that mandates around 70 families who have been squatting since 2006 to leave the area until the 30th of January. 
0	A  protest by workers shut down both lanes of the highway Tuesday morning in the interior of Sao Paulo state.  No reason was given. 
0	Thousands of Bolivian teachers, miners, other workers and students have carried out strikes and mass protests for more than a week in opposition to the government’s attempt to limit wage increases.
0	Striking truck drivers refuse to make deliveries of gas and ethanol to any of São Paulo's 2,000 gas stations in protest of the city government's attempt to restrict where big trucks can drive.
0	Members OTEP manifest in a property located in Curuguaty IPS, demanding the start of construction of a hospital that will benefit more than 3,000 policyholders in the region.
0	Businessmen of the district of Once closed their shops to protest government curbs on imports.  The government claims the curbs are necessary to “defend” the balance of payments and national industry.
0	Sitrasalud members blockaded the administrative offices of the hospital Resume. The SIGEESAL protested against Minsal.Four hospitals in the metropolitan region and the Ministry of Health facilities (Minsal) were scenes of protests by unions and SIGESAL Sitrasalud. Yesterday also the administrative offices of the hospital Zacamil were blocked by members of the Union of Health Workers (Sitrasalud). The secretary general of the organization, Silvia Navarrete, said that the move was driven to draw attention to the urgent needs being experienced in the hospital.For several weeks, the laundry sector employees have had to apply for a slot in Bloom Maternity hospitals as the center four washing machines have exceeded their useful life. According to Juan Antonio Lopez, laundry and ironing, are processed daily about five thousand pounds of laundry. With the current situation can only wash 800 pounds on the day and 800 at night when they give rise to other hospitals.Employees fear that the laundry that is building to become a source of infection. The problem with washing adds to the lack of basic medical supplies, such as gloves, catheters, bandages and syringes, exposed repeatedly by staff.Meanwhile, a group of the General Union of Employees of the Ministry of Health (SIGESAL) closed Maple Street, in front of the Health Ministry. There, with placards and demanded rockets being served by the Health Minister Maria Isabel Rodriguez. Mario Arevalo SIGESAL Secretary General reiterated the request for dismissal of various hospitals headquarters, as Rosales, Maternity and Saldaña, and they would not be willing to negotiate with them. In these centers there was a reduction of work.So the hospital laundry looked Resume to continue accumulating clothes. / Ernesto MartinezIt also denounced the imposition of penalties for absences, which could not be proven according Arevalo. A commission Minsal attended them. But Rodriguez said the main demand was to make themselves SIGESAL union leave 100% of managers.She said it would not be possible by the need for staff in hospitals.Julio Robles Ticas, hospital director, said the $ 80 million loan from the World Bank (WB) is contemplated buying new washers for Zacamil and have not been acquired by the late approval.
0	Various sectors of Puerto La Cruz, Sotillo municipality, Anzoategui, remained incommunicado Thursday, due to protests staged by residents and pedicab drivers over poor public services. In the El Paraíso-The Cherry, the inhabitants proceeded to burn tires and bar the way, demanding solutions to sewage running through the streets and cause epidemics adults and children, said Maria Gutierrez
0	50 employees of a bread company closed a lane of a road in protest for non-payment of wages
0	Members of the National Federation of Salvadoran Workers (FENASTRAS) yesterday held a protest to denounce that workers in private security were violated their rights hey say they do not have good wages, in some cases are $ 200, also demanded better health insurance benefits and give them life insurance, as their work requires them to risk their lives daily .
0	The first contingent of workers arrived in Liberation Square to protest against labor reform, the initiative preferred by President Felipe Calderon. Nearly 500,000 people left the Plaza Juarez to go to downtown Guadalajara, while a similar group traveled by avenida Alcalde from La Normal. 
0	 Strike by truck drivers demanding increased wages.  Over 7500 truckers and 6,000 trucks will not work to transport the nations goods until an agreement on taxes and wages is made. The strike will cost the nation 2 million dollars a day. 
0	An indigenous commission in Cauca said it would march towards FARC camps in the area to seek an end to the violence that has wounded dozens and displaced hundreds in the municipalities Argelia, Jambolo and Toribio in the past few days. On Tuesday morning residents in the area destroyed trenches belonging to the army and police in Toribio. Jorge Nieto, a local police commander, told radio station Caracol that security forces allowed the action in order to avoid a confrontation with the community.
1	Indigenous citizens and miners protest against the Pescadero-Ituango hydropower plant project in northern Antioquia.  Corporación Ríos Vivos [Living Rivers Corportion].  An environmental and human rights defender is leading the protest, but some authorities charge FARC is behind the protests.
0	Analyze labor protest in PepsiCo adjacencies
0	Members of the National Guard are deployed at three stations: Charallave Sur, Charallave Norte, and CuaAs you will recall, at 0100 hours this morning a group of people attempted to divert a train from the Charallave Norte station, causing delays at Cua and in turn causing some trains to return to this station; the effect was one National Guard member injured, four people arrested, property damage, and the paralyzation of service at this station from 0600 to 1400 hours.
0	From 11:30 in the morning a group of victims remains trancando Francisco de Miranda Avenue, at the height of the old Inavi, claiming housing allocation. 
0	For its part, the direction Guaicaipuro Utilities has faced a strike by the workers, who suspended work for three days, to demand payment of a bonus of 3,000 bolivars that was promised by the Mayor a year ago. 
0	Chilean police used water cannon and tear gas to break up a protest Wednesday by students workers and social organizations demanding a bigger share of an economic boom led by mining profits, a demonstration marking the 41st anniversary of the nationalization of copper.
0	The employees demonstrated against US salary policies. 60 Brazilian employees of the American Consultate demonstrated in Rio Wednesday during their lunch break to protest the political salary that the protesters claim have not been adjusted for 3 years and the value of their lunch subsidy which is less than 5 dollars.  By contract the employees are not allowed to strike. 
0	The convicts rioted in the wake of a foiled escape attempt
0	Striking Colombian dockworkers attacked by riot police. On August 28, some 500 dockworkers, members of the UP port workers union in the Colombian port city of Buenaventura, went on strike after 20 days of negotiations with the TECSA shipping company failed to achieve any of their demands. The next day, riot police attacked a group of striking workers and seriously injured four male workers as well as a pregnant female worker. Three strikers were arrested, but were released the next day. 
0	Members of the assembly of "Countryside Revolution" and the School of Political Sciences of the UNAM, of the #YoSoy132 movement, accompany farmers in the suburbs of Tila, Chiapas to support their demands.
0	The drivers of the bus line 60 decided this morning, in assembly, maintain indefinitely a work stoppage that began late yesterday.The conflict was initiated by aggression suffered by three officials of the line trying to sympathize with a claim of a worker fired in another line, which also belongs to the owners of the 60. 
0	Health workers strike for wage claims and other administrative demands.
1	Residents of Freirina, a town in Chile’s northern Atacama region, have been blocking the entry into the plant since Thursday to protest the awful-smelling odor emitted by the plant.
0	Relatives of the twelve federal police in Morelos arrested for the incident in the village of Tres Marias, which fired on a diplomat car which held three people, including two employees of the U.S. government, preventing the transfer of the detainees to the National Center rootedness of the PGR.
0	The truck drivers transporting fuels for all Uruguay went on strike for 24 hours opposing the country’s state run oil company from granting permission to gas stations to transport their own fuel. They claim the ruling will further monopolize the industry and force many small or independent truck driving companies out of business. The strike would force gas stations to run out of oil within a day
1	Residents of the neighborhood Los Pinos, in the province of Colon, protested and closed the Transístmica Thursday, September 27, over water supply problems. They claim to have been without drinking water from more than a month.
0	Members of the movement YoSoy132 gathered in the Plaza of Three Cultures for the march called "In sailing for democracy", culminating in the Plaza of the Constitution.cwith candles and face masks to make the way down in a silent march. There, the movement's organizers called on citizens to exercise an informed vote, and media accurate information in their coverage.
0	In the town of Yapacaní near the city of Santa Cruz,  relatives of the three victims who died in the violence last January 11 set up a roadblock.The family group is calling for justice.
0	Gathering at the airport, Colorado Party members protest trips made by the president, Fernando Lugo, who arrives that same day after a tour of Asia. Protesters argue that the president does not give priority to domestic problems.
1	Last Tuesday, community people from the Potosi’s locality of Mallku Khota  started a 300 km march toward La Paz against mining exploration in the region, demanding the ousting of the Canadian mining company South American Silver.
0	More Than 1000 Inmates Moved After Prison Riot In Uruguay‎
0	Members of the Sugar Workers Federation strike and occupy Dos de Mayo Square, located in downtown Lima.
0	Licensees of public passenger transport in the municipality of Aldama Tezontepec demonstrated yesterday morning outside the central bus Tlahuelilpan in protest as their counterparts in this demarcation forbade provide service passenger.
0	Four students from different departments began a hunger strike on Thursday to pressure the authorities to find solutions in the face of accusations of administrative and financial irregularities at the institution
0	Administrative workers of the Superior Court of Justice of Arequipa go on an indefinite strike demanding a wage increase.
0	About 40 legislators of the Left Parliamentary Front occupied the bottom of the stands at the Palace of San Lázaro and displayed banners protesting the declaration of President-elect in favor of Enrique Peña Nieto.
0	A group of retired longshoremen and port workers blocked traffic this morning on Ramón Castillo Avenue. The port workers claim that the failure to fulfill the terms of the Historic Reparations Law passed under the administration of Nestor Kirchner is preventing many dockworkers from retiring.  This rule had been established after port activities were deregulated under the Carols Menem administration in 1992.
0	With the Mexican national anthem and background red and black flag, symbol of strike, hung at half mast at the Plaza Juárez in Pachuca, began the march organized by the university # Yosoy132 Hidalgo to commemorate the 44th anniversary of the Student Movement 1968. Half an hour after the agreed date, at 18:00 broke contingent gathered members of the Mexican Electricians Union (SME), labor organizations and citizens. During the tour, at least 200 protesters also demanded the deputies the recent federal probation labor reform, which they say discourages the working class.
0	Teachers, Unions, and locals, marched towards the Central park in San Pedro Sula to oppose the increased violence in the country.
0	Pacifica organized the mobilization of young students in the capital of Hidalgo, adding its call to that of his colleagues in Mexico City as of Friday evening to maintain a fence outside Televisa Chapultepec in Mexico City, one of the most important TV stations in Mexico.  
0	Family members of Indians arrested for vandalism last month in Cerro Punta began a hunger strike on 9/3 to protest their arrest. They  say their relatives are innocent and staged their hunger strike on the premises of the public prosecutor in David, Chiriqui.  
0	  The return to Buenos Aires turned into a test of patience for motorists on Route 2.  Residents of Quequen partially blocked the road at km marker 300 to claim their independence from Necochea.
0	The Movement of Homeless Workers (MTST) staged the protest and burned tires
0	The demonstrators were protesting for housing
0	Teachers go on strike for 2 days to protest curriculum reform by the government of Panama. They claim they government did not consult industry leaders and are strictly motivated by financial interests. They are also demanding better living conditions. 
0	Anti-riot forces responded as usual to the march in downtown Santiago, firing water and tear gas at the teenagers
0	Members of the Civic Forum Lay Mexico expressed their rejection of the repression they suffered by Civil Force, on Sunday, in the State Congress.
0	Between strikes, marches and blockades in the streets of state students and members of YoSoy132 called for improvements in university facilities and reminisced about the 1968 student movement.
0	A group of about thirty workers call center Konecta Chile protested this morning in Vicuña Mackenna in Alameda, in the area of ​​Plaza Italia in downtown Santiago. Thet are striking for a salary increase.
0	Lindeners turned out in large numbers this morning for the first of a five-day ‘shutdown’ of the town as the protest over the imposition of a hike in electricity rates gathered steam.
0	The Sugar Workers Union is keeping a roadblock on the access to El Tabacal sugar plantation, near the city of Orán.  The workers have been blocking national route 50 to protest the firing of 57 employees and to demand better working conditions and pay.
0	The group Juventud Rebelde staged  demonstrations against CSE.  Mortars thrown.
0	Air traffic controllers decided to suspend takeoffs of flights at Carrasco International Airport and all domestic airports from 12 noon to 18 pm on Wednesday. Los trabajadores reclaman el cumplimiento de un acuerdo firmado en 2010, que implica la inclusión en la Rendición de Cuentas algunos aspectos que permitan la reestructura del servicio. The workers are demanding the fulfillment of an agreement signed in 2010, which involves including some aspects of Accounting that enable restructuring of the service. 
0	Over 100 residents of Usaquen Codito protest over public works projects
1	Miners in Madre de Dios, one of Peru's main gold-mining regions, have taken to the streets of Puerto Maldonado to call for the repeal of new sanctions against illegal gold mining.  Several protestors became violent, and had blocked main streets and thrown rocks at nearby houses.
1	On May 30th, around a thousand miners from the 26 of February Cooperative took the Colquiri Mine by force, leaving 15 injured. 
0	Protest over food shortages and price rises.
0	Scores of people took part in a demonstration to protest the poor state of development in the Province of Arauco.  The protest came after the president announced the “Arauo Moves Forward Plan”, which the protesters characterized as inadequate.
0	The protesters claimed the Cup was not about soccer but about real-estate speculation. According to Military Police yesterday afternoon, around 2,0000  people from 50 social movements participated in a demonstration against the work and measures taken by the federal government to realize the World Cup and Confederation Cup stating that the events would take the citizen's public resources that would be only used by the elite. 
0	SuperVia train passengers, angered by constant service problems, occupy Oswaldo Cruz, Japeri, and Diodorus stations, blocking tracks, setting fires and committing acts of vandalism. 
0	A team of National Guard riot dissolved the protest, from 2:30 am, settled 48 families homeless in the shelter doors located at the headquarters of the Ministry of Tourism in La Floresta. With crowbars that opened the gates for 13 hours, the protesters remained closed and barred entry ministry workers.  As reported, a 16-year-old was beaten repeatedly by four females and was taken to an unknown place for now.
0	The Broad Progressive Front (FAP), led by Socialist Hermes Binner, demonstrated in front of the historic Cabildo building, while several PRO and Federal Peronism lawmakers joined in a symbolic embrace in front of the Tribunales Courthouse in order to demand “an independent justice system.”  According to the organizers, close to 5,000 people attended the rally
0	A group of 50 militants of Antorcha Campesina demonstrate in front of the premises of the State Security Coordination Office to demand the release of one of their supporters arrested by state police... A spokesman for the organization reported that Andres Vazquez was arrested at about 10:30 am
1	Members of the Huauchinango Association of People with Different  Skills demonstrated in front of the City Hall to demand the return and regularization of land was taken from them by the Mayor Omar Martinez Amador at the beginning of his administration and that they administration had donated 2008-2011.
0	The urban teachers paralyzed today school activities in the cities of La Paz and El Alto to support the demand for unionized miners demanding the nationalization Colquiri district.
0	The protesters were demonstrating at the Art Museum of Sao Paulo
0	More than 5000 Historical Center street traders , belonging to 40 organizations, marched from the Zocalo to the ALDF, accompanied by their leade , Diana Sanchez Barrios, and characters such as Santa Claus and the Three Kings, to require permits to work in the holiday season.
0	EFE workers, who gathered in protest from the early hours of Tuesday morning, focusing on the villages, in Polar.
0	Petroleum workers began a national work stoppage for 24 hours Monday asking to receive profit sharing.  
0	It has been learned that more than 1000 people are being held on the premises of the penal institution owing to the fact that the prisoners are refusing to accept the rules that the prison warden wants to impose, under which visits in the blocks would be prohibited.  Moreover, they are hoping that the meetings between the family members and prisoners would be held in rooms that are set up for that purpose.
1	Hundreds of indigenous Panamanians protested Monday in different regions of the country, demanding that a ban on mining in their territories be included in a current bill in Congress.
0	The agronomy students of the Universidad Publica de El Alto (UPEA) are demanding that the Governor of La Paz, Cesar Cocarico, hand over the ownership titles to the former farm of Cordepaz, and yesterday for this reason they blocked the road to Tiawanaku, where the wedding of Vice President Alvaro Garcia Linera will be held today.
0	Union officials with UFC were mobilzed using chants, drums and banners yesterday during Public Education Day.  The UFC said the union has a conflict with authorties over wages and occupational health.
0	Military, Federal, and State Police began joint operations to set up highway roadblocks in order to control illegal drug and weapon transportation routes into Sao Paulo, SP.
1	The Peruvian police force suppress a popular uprising in the province of Oyón. The evacuation of 300 villagers who were blocking a mining venture in Buenaventura leaves one person dead and thirteen injured.
0	Workers and their reps protested the terms of a proposed settlement for workers and environmental damages by Shell and Basf
0	The protesters were demanding the passage of the budget and the Law on Salaries for Public Employees
0	The caravan held a protest outside the National Migration Institute (INM) located on Avenida Reforma and 21 south of the capital of Puebla where they demanded an end to the abuses and extortions committed against by agents against undocumented  persons.
0	This Saturday there was a march of movement # YoSoy132 in the main streets of Chilpancingo, to demand openness and democratization of mass media, in which there were no complications
0	The protesters say they are against "hygienist" policies
0	Farmers, bankers and train operators joined a powerful truck drivers' union on Tuesday in the first nationwide general strike since President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner came into office in 2007. The protests, which rippled across the country, were led by Hugo Moyano, the leader of a powerful labor federation and a onetime government ally. 
0	Dozens of students have continued to occupy the Santa Maria La Blanca High School in Valdivia.
0	Hundreds of elderly citizens protested in Managua against the Nicaraguan Social Security Institute, INSS over pension benefits.   Claim they will protest into September and threaten to hold a hunger strike. 
0	The wave of protests Federal Police on strike for 35 days came to the Americas Superderby. A group of federal police officers are in the stands of the Estadio Serra Dourada in Goiania dressed in black in protest.
0	Using insults and defamatory Atotonilco municipal government of Tula, carriers Friday afternoon blocked access to the center of the river in protest because they were not taken into account to provide services in the new subdivision of Toledo Real community of Pedregal.
0	Medical students run from tear gas fired by police as they protest in solidarity with striking public doctors in La Paz, Bolivia on April 24.
0	Hundreds of students occupied high schools and blocked traffic in Chile’s capital on Tuesday to demand education reform. Police in riot gear evicted students from several schools but at least seven remained occupied.
0	Relatives of inmates protest and ask the governor to intercede not move them to another prison.
0	The protesters were demanding that the Senator be removed from office for corruption
0	Some 700 indigenous inhabitants of the municipality of Coicoyán de las Flores marched and closed the gates of Government House to denounce the failure to build a road and hospital, promised since the beginning of the term of former President Vicente Fox, and not be completed during the term of President Felipe Calderón. 
0	Federal highways were the scene of protests by the Federal Highway Police. In Pernambuco, BR-232 was closed in both directions while police stopped cars to air their grievances.
0	Metalurgists from one of eight factories in the General Motors complex in Sao Jose dos Campos paralyzed work for 2 hours  in anticipation of talks the following Monday. 
0	The outsourced workers of the University of the Andes, Portuguesa Center, decided to close the facilities of the study center in Guanare to put pressure on the rectorate authorities of the University of the Andes-Merida with respect to permanent job positions and to put an end to outsourcing.  Sandra Vasquez, a nursing student, said the school received last week in sweatshops because the facilities were dirty, including the bathrooms, and the situation went so far yesterday because they could not even get into the seat.
0	Janitors demonstrate in Piura. The workers try to force their way into City Hall and submit claims directly to the mayor.
0	The students felt the grades were unfair
0	Medical specialists declared work stoppage against the 11.5 percent pay  cut employees who receive salaries higher than 50 000 lempiras, approved by the Executive Branch. Meet with officials in capital Tegucigalpa.  Psychiatry specialists in second day of work stoppage at Santa Rosita Hospital.  Since beginning of 2012 , other unions such as nursing assistants,  technicians  and interns have also stopped their work at various times. Constant stoppages has led the government to declare emergency in the Health sector.
0	Teachers march in Tegucigalpa
0	A protest by owners of school buses outside the headquarters of the Ministry of Education, located on Avenida Callao. They claim that a bus company does not meet the requirements to move and transport the schoolchildren.
0	Members of the Association of Prosecutors protested non-payment of wages, joining their members who began protesting the day before in San Pedro Sula
0	A group of employees and ex-employees of the Colombian branch of General Motors began a hunger strike in front of the U.S. embassy in Bogota Wednesday to protest the firing of colleagues on sick leave. The hunger strike followed months after the factory workers set up a provisional shelter in front of the embassy, demanding the company respect labor laws and calling for talks with the American ambassador and the Colombian government.
0	Residents of Klaaskreek protest against problems on Daniel IJveraarschool of the Moravian Church (EBGS).  Teachers who are members of the Full Gospel Church were students up against EBGS ideology. Some parents threaten their children at home to keep at the beginning of the school year on 1 October. It would be seven of the twelve teachers, including the headmaster. "Sometimes they leave the lesson, in order to pray loudly," says Kent Line, vice chairman of the council of EBGS-Klaaskreek.
0	The taxi drivers of La Villa de Los Santos were asking the Ground Transit and Transportation Authority (ATTT) to allow them to pick up fares in the city of Chitré and thus “reduce their expenses”.  They claim that, every time they try to pick up a fare in Chitré, the ATT “persecutes” them.  Since the ATTT refused to grant this permission, they staged this protest, which involved parking their vehicles in a location that blocked traffic to and from Chitré during the midday hours.
0	Thousands march in opposition to scheduled layoffs of thousands by private company SOPTRAVI
0	For the second consecutive day the west of Barquisimeto collapsed by the protest of carriers and communities that claimed by the failure of water, roads destroyed, insecurity and power outages. More than 300 drivers of transport units closed the Beltway North to reject the conditions of roads in the area, especially in the Industrial Zone 3, the Wholesale market Barquisimeto (Mercabar) and neighborhoods The San Francisco Tinajitas and, where the poor condition of street vehicular traffic impossible.  The drivers claim that units are suffering because the holes are too deep and well, a situation that have been denouncing for years but local and regional authorities are not responding. 
0	The truckers were protesting the working conditions at the terminal and were asking for a raise
0	Around 1000 members of the National Farmers Federation (FNC) closed down Route 7 in protest and condemnation against the release of transgenic cotton seeds.
0	Farmers and ranchers protest over low milk prices paid to them by dairies
0	Tens of thousands of teachers and students held marches countrywide on Sept 5th to protest education reform bill.  Many think the government is moving toward privatizing the universities.  Marches were mostly peaceful throughout the country.  Isolated instances of vandalism in Medellin, and three injuries from a petrol bomb thrown in Bogota.
0	Around 600 teachers in Mexico's Pacific resort city of Acapulco went on strike this week after being subjected to extortion, local authorities said Thursday.
0	Protesters said that in the area occurances are daily.  more than 150 vehicles through the streets of Guatire and visited the headquarters of the various security forces that live in the area. The idea was to protest the number of kidnappings.
0	students from Popular University of Nicaragua,block part of the Panamerican highway in protest against the hike in tariff charges. 
0	Coyotepec municipal government employees stopped working this week (five fortnights) due to late payment of wages.
0	Chiapas: a worsening of health 7 hunger strikers that require release of leader
0	Protest  in Chichigalpa by former sugar cane workers who have not received their compensation from  privatization of sugar mills settlement. [They held a similar protest earlier in the month]
0	Today residents of Yotala for a second day blocked the road to the department of Potosí, demanding that the National Cement Factory "Sucre" pay a tax for the exploitation of a reserve of pozzolana
0	In response to yesterday’s national UOM strike, the Labour Ministry extended the compulsory conciliation for a further five days. The metal workers union is calling for a wage increase of 25 percent against the offer by private companies of a 15 percent increase.
0	In homages to two prominent victims killed by the dictatorship, the demonstrators criticized the government and the president.  They called the government “corrupt and complicit” in the crimes of the dictatorship. 
0	There was a protest at the funeral of one of the leaders of the Movement who was shot to death.  The government will track the investigation
0	Hundreds of carioca artists met in front of the city hall building in Rio Wednesday afternoon to protest against losses caused by shut down of public theatres in the city due to safety issues in reaction to the Kiss nightclub fire in Santa Maria that are due to the lack of public maintenance by the city.
0	Hundreds of Guyanese from several communities across the country on Thursday staged yet another picketing action outside the Parliament buildings on Brickdam, Georgetown against the budget cuts by the AFC and APNU.
0	The exact reason for the strike is reportedly not known
0	This Thursday parents protested with sit ins at the basic education institutions in the Mezquital Valley region, due to the lack of teachers, a situation that affected hundreds of students in the first week of the school year 2012 - 2013.
0	Demonstrators protested against hospital conditions that they clain led to the death of an 11-month-old girl
0	Social and union organizations celebrated on Tuesday International Woman’s Day in a rally at Avenida de Mayo and 9 de Julio, during which they called for employment equality, the end to gender violence and the passing of a law for legal, safe and free abortion.
0	Inhabitants of ejido Estero Swamp in Veracruz Cosoleacaque blocked the federal highway in Tansistmica known as "Las Matas", same as communicating with Coatzacoalcos and the South East to demand safer roads, traffic lights and stops.
0	Cab drivers of the Abraham Lincoln line rallied in the Plaza Venezuela to protest the lack of security, which led to the death of Miguel Omana, age 38.
0	The Venezuelan authorities have transferred 2,500 prisoners from a jail near Caracas as they seek to reassert control there.  On Friday, troops took over most of El Rodeo jail in Guatire, after a riot between rival gangs of prisoners a week ago left some 20 people dead.But a stand-off continues in one prison wing, after attempts to negotiate with a group of rmedinmates failed.   The interior minister said some 50 prisoners were refusing to disarm.  Relatives react to the evacuation of inmates from El Rodeo jail In the meantime, the authorities have sought to deal with the prisoners from the part of El Rodeo they already control.
0	A group of victims protested outside the National Housing Bank and Habitat (Banavih) located in El Rosal. According to several reports via Twitter, protesters block access to the site for employees and require the presence of Ricardo Molina, Minister of Popular Power for Housing and Habitat. As was announced during a visit to the Protestants who deliver houses waiting for two years and are housed in a shelter that is located next to Banavih. 
0	The Andean state on Monday morning with two protests, one in the north-mountain by the poor condition of roads, and another on the west by the gas service. Inhabitants of municipalities Cardenas and Andres Bello, at the height Torbes sector, are protesting the poor state of roads in your area. 
0	Since Sunday night the ex-officials imprisoned in ECE 2 of the La Picota Prison have been on a hunger strike.  They are protesting the crowding conditions and claim that many people sleep on the floor. 
0	Federal highways were the scene of protests by the Federal Highway Police. In São Paulo, officers set up a traffic stop at km 208 of the Presidente Dutra Highway in Guarulhos, São Paulo metropolitan region. The protest caused a 10 km traffic jam in the direction of  Rio de Janeiro, around 11am. One lane on the via Dutra remained closed until noon.
0	Ciudad Guayana Correo del Caroni Online reports there are no replies to the demands of workers of the aluminum sector who want payment of labor benefits, collective bargaining agreements, and investments. Unions of the Aluminum Company of Venezuela, Inc. (Venalum) yesterday blocked traffic in an overpass of the Matanzas industrial zone between Caroni Aluminum Inc. (Alcasa) and Orinoco Coal (Carbonorca) plants to make known their fight. More than 50 National Guard members went to the site to make sure traffic could circulate. 
0	Tens of thousands of students and university-based workers marched in Caracas on Thursday to demand the radical “transformation” of higher education in Venezuela.Arriving from a number of universities and institutions across the country, marchers gathered at the Bolivarian University of Venezuela (UBV) – one of the nation’s largest public university systems – to demand a “new type of university” that facilitates the social changes occurring in Venezuela since the start of the Bolivarian Revolution.
0	Maracaibo Panorama.com.ve reports that the 24-hour strike called for yesterday by the Zulia Teachers Union (Suma) was not heeded by the majority of public school teachers. Giovanni Villalobos, head of the Zulia State Educational Zone, said that teachers in only five of the 1,375 schools in the state joined the strike; he labeled the strike call "hasty." Meanwhile, Gualberto Mas y Rubi, a spokesperson for Suma, told a news conference that the strike had been a "success" and was heeded by 65% of the state's teachers. 
0	The march was to protest "attacks on public education", which is "about to disappear", due to budget cuts.
0	Neighborhood leaders, police and environmentalists gathered Sunday in a protest over the deaths of 25 pets , including dogs and cats in the neighborhood Robledo [Medellin]
0	The residents say the problem is causing a backlog of patients and delaying surgeries
0	The Truckers’ Union is maintaining its takeover of three major supermarkets associated in various cities of the Province of Buenos Aires.  The purpose of the action is to call for its members to be admitted.The strikers are picketing stores in San Nicolas, San Pedro, and Don Torcuato.
0	Seniors blocked roads in Chinandega and surrounding municipalities, protesting over pension benefits
0	A group of prisoners rebelled in  at their prison taking several agents and visitors hostage and captured arms during the moment the agents and various vistores entered the prison.
0	Drivers in Soacha conduct a work stoppage that has potential to impact thousands of Colombians.  They are protesting a rise in the fees for rush-hour driving and license plates.
0	Inmates at a reformatory rioted in city of Cabo de Santo Agostinho over abuses by staff members, the quality of the food and restrictions on visits. The riot lasts nine hours and claimed the lives of three inmates.
0	The truckers were protesting the working conditions at the terminal and were asking for a raise
0	Transportation workers, led by jeep and taxi drivers, protested in the José Félix Ribas sector, outside the Palo Verde Shopping Center, against a communal transit line that is affecting their work in the direction of the Palo Verde sector.
0	About 500 students turned out to protest, blocking several roads in the capital
0	Various organizations, such as the Popular Workers Coordinating Council (Cocopo) manifest themselves in protest against labor reform right in front of the headquarters of the national business meeting Durango is performed in the Capital .
0	Federal highways were the scene of protests by the Federal Highway Police. Inspectors from the Federal Highway Police held demonstrations in Londrina, Curitiba and Foz do Iguaçu.
0	The march was to protest the Union address and the failure of the Electoral Tribunal of the Judicial Power of the Federation. YoSoy132, which organized the movement, came to the House of Representatives, which read the presidential counterreport. The protest began at 10:30 am
0	A group of 60 people stormed the hospital and assaulted and threatened doctors and nurses. They were demanding "Justice for Jennifer Farias." She died three days after giving birth, and they are accusing the hospital of negligence, neglect and malpractice.
0	Cacerolazos in support of student demands are recorded tonight in some parts of the capital.
0	Taxi drivers in Granada striking and protesting over permits and licenses issued by City Hall
0	Youth set fire to a bus to protest a govt. crackdown on crime
0	(The following is a Google Translation) Residents of Chichicastenango, Quiche, blocked, on Tuesday, the main entrances to the urban area of the city to protest against the politicization in the delivery of fertilizer.
1	Residents of the provinces of Chota and Bambamarca took part in a 24-hour strike, in protest of the Conga mining project, on Wednesday. Cajamarca Police blocked major roads adjacent to the city square, early Wednesday morning, as a preventive measure against protestors. Students and teachers at the National University of Cajamarca joined the strike, and suspended classes for the day.
0	Five hundred policemen in conflict marched yesterday through the streets of Rawson, Chubut. They demand a salary equivalent to 88 percent of what charges a Federal Police.
0	Former Ministry of Health workers demand compenstion from earlier agreement
0	The takeover was to call the attention of university authorities to the students' demands.
1	300 protesters took the Rio Danto bridge, blocking the exits to Tela Atlantida, in opposition to the increase in electricity prices and lack of clean water. Then they marched to the center of the city.
0	The National Medical assembly representing medical staff who care for 90% of all citizens in Costa Rica went on strike demanding better working conditions. Over 2,000 surgeries were canceled for the day throughout the country of 4.5 million citizens. 
1	Protesters  denounced violence committed during last months indeginous lead protests of mining and presented multiple charges of crimes against humanity.
0	About 250 retired teachers from Morelos blocked the main access roads to the city center to protest the non-payment of their retirement bonus which together amounted to 25 million pesos.
0	The protesters tried to block the central lanes of La Reforms toward the historic center, a move that was blocked by riot police of the Federal District, who have "corraled" the protesters in the median of La Reforma and are allowing them to protest on the side lanes. 
0	 The second march to protest the Bolivian government’s proposed highway through the Isiboro-Sécure Indigenous Territory and National Park (TIPNIS) is set to depart today, April 27, from the Amazonian department of Beni, headed towards the highland capital of La Paz. 
0	More than 300 Concepción teachers rally demanding a larger education budget.
0	2,000 teachers and students marched through the streets of Tegulcigapla demanding the release of teachers and demanding unpaid wages. 
0	1000 teachers, workers, health professionals and other organizations affiliated with the parent organization of workers were on strike to support the demand for unionized miners demanding the nationalization Colquiri district.
1	General strike in Islay aimed at derailing the Tia Maria copper mine 
0	A contingent of about 2000 people was received by a human chain by the hundreds of people who were already in place. The so-called "death march against the imposition", which called the Yosoy132 Movement, reached the Electoral Tribunal of the Judicial Power of the Federation to protest against the elected president, Enrique Peña Nieto.
1	Teachers and parents blocked the Orizaba-La Perla road in the town of Mariano Escobedo, affecting thousands of people. The reason for the protest is that the bridge in the Ocoxotla community was destroyed by Tropical Storm Ernesto and has not been repaired.
0	A northern Anzoategui protest by the carriers of this eastern region on Tuesday staged against insecurity and the death of the driver Julio Javier Vasquez, killed last Sunday. The drivers of the various lines had threatened to lock the port city and although initially demonstrated on Monday afternoon in front of the Public Prosecutor's Office in Puerto La Cruz
0	Since before seven o'clock has been closed in both directions over the Los Leones bridge by a protest by the homeless. These tents were set up in front of the 1104 homes being built in the area, with a demand for housing. 
0	Teachers from all across the country went on strike and took part in demonstrations which included road blocks and demonstrations outside the government finance offices in San Jose the capital.
0	Protesters barricaded roads and burned tires in parts of Santiago, Chile’s capital, on Wednesday as a two-day national strike demanding economic and other changes began.
1	5,000 peasants marched in protest of the FARC's use of landmines and government abuses inColombia’s southern Putumayo department. reported local media Friday.
0	Residents of Port Kaituma yesterday intensified their protest action blocking more sections of the community’s road network even as government announced that remedial road works costing between $20M to $30M are expected to start within the next 48 hours.
0	Today deputy Gerardo Fernandez Noronha made  a new protest outside Los Pinos, where he pushed his proposal to create a new political party led by him that would bring about "change" in Mexico.  He holds a protests every 1st day of each month in front of the Presidential Palace to contest the official 2006 elecotral results.
0	La medida se llevó a cabo  en San Miguel y Santa Ana.
0	The hunger strike that  20 people, including terminal workers and operators, had been holding for eight days against the terminal owner Marcela Loayza and in pursuit of a demand that the infrastructure facility be nationalized was lifted.
0	The group of female prisoners in the Women's Annex that on Friday night moved to the area of the male prison at the Penitentiary Center of Centro Occidente, continued their protest Monday.  "We demand that there be no more involuntary transfers, promptness in criminal proceedings, that we be guaranteed security and basic services, because whenever they feel like it, they take away water and light to intimidate us, and of course more space to live and sleep because are overcrowded," said of the 101 prisoners. 
0	In Asunción, Encarnacion, San Lorenzo, Caacupé and Paraguarí, 1000 lawyers sweep the judiical buildings with brooms to symbolically rid the judiciary of corruption.
0	SUGAR workers at the Albion estate, Region 6, have again taken strike action, calling on the management and Board of the Guyana Sugar Corporation (GuySuCo), to pay their high demands for reaping over-run canes.   Sugar harvesters from gangs 14 A and B, who were joined by five other harvesting gangs from Port Mourant in solidarity, staged a protest on July 16 by blocking the roadways, with the aim of forcing the corporation to consider their demands.
0	2,000 people demonstrated last night in front of the Municipality of Lanús, demanding greater security.
0	A noisy demonstration by several workers’ organizations resulted in the takeover and closure of the bus terminal and the Terminal hotel.
0	Thousands of people demonstrated in downtown Rio de Janeiro against corruption. The demonstrators brought with them 594 brooms painted green and yellow, the colors of the national flag, which represent every one of the country’s 81 senators and 513 lower house members.
0	Esperan llegar a las 250 mil adhesiones para marzo de 2014
0	Teachers of Buenos Aires yesterday protested outside the headquarters of the School Board, which called for the reopening of the debate on wage parity. 
0	The boy was stabbed to death for 7 reales
1	DURAND IRELISOCTOBER 24, 2012 - 7:36 A.M.Miranda Civil Protection reported on the closure of the old road Petare-Guarenas Izcaragua sector up to protest the poor condition of the bridge of the same name.The agency explained through his Twitter account that the locals also manifested by the lack of response from the Ministry of Housing and Habitat on promised homes.Social network users report that the authorities are in place looking mediate with the protesters and reopening achieve traffic, which is affected in the area
0	A group of protesters blocked the path in the Francisco Fajardo highway, west to east, at the entrance of the dealer's Yaguara a situation that has caused strong collapse vehicle on the highway.   Although it is not known why the demonstration, through the Twitter social network reported that the Bolivarian National Police is already on the site. Aunque se desconoce la razón de la manifestación, a través de la red social Twitter reportaron que la Policía Nacional Bolivariana ya se encuentra en el sitio. Although it is not known why the demonstration, through the Twitter social network reported that the Bolivarian National Police is already on the site. 
0	Chilean students today debuted a new tactic to demand better education, several simultaneous marches in various neighborhoods, but as unique and massive protests before ended in clashes with police.
0	The residents marched to protest  increased assessments
0	The girl was the fifth victim killed by gun violence in 11 days in the area
0	Social organizations, members of the Mexican Electrical Workers and activists of YoSoy132 blocked all entrances to the Chamber of Deputies to protest the labor reform. The SNTE (National Union of Education Workers) joined the protests.
0	Labor and social organizations protested this afternoon in the Obelisk in condemnation of repression of a sugar mill workers who were blocking Route 50 on Saturday.
0	Maracaibo Panorama.com.ve reports that public transportation workers blocked major thoroughfares in Maracaibo for about eight hours yesterday, from 0500 to 1300 local time, in protest against the ongoing crime wave in the city, poor roads, and unpaid student fare subsidies owed by the National Urban Transportation Foundation Fund (Fontur). Similar protests took part in the states of Miranda, Carabobo, Tachira, Lara, and the Capital District. However, they were felt more strongly in Zulia, where more than 18 street closures were reported in Maracaibo and in the municipalities of San Francisco, Guajira, Mara, Jesus Enrique Lossada, La Canada de Urdaneta, and the East Shore Region of Lake Maracaibo. Of the 36,000 drivers registered with the Single Transportation Union (CTU), 85% joined the strike. 
1	Members of civil society and environmentalists protested on the steps of the Supreme Court to reject the ruling of the Court on wetlands
0	Today, supposed inhabitants of the township communities marched to City Hall to express their support for the mayor and there was another march supporting the laid-off workers.
0	A group of retired military officers who are part of the generation who served during the period of 1973 and 1990, began various protests Tuesday in Santiago and regions to demand the government to "keep its word" and manage compensation the State for the years in which they served for the Army during the dictatorship and suffered psychological damage.
0	Members of the movement # YoSoy132 for took a toll booth two hours located on vehicular Federal Highway 15, 21 miles north of Baghdad.
0	Workers are urging that agreements made by the workers and the bank but they refused to speak to them. The workers have taken over the entrance in retaliation until they meet with bank executives.
0	A Partnership for National Unity (APNU) is calling for the resignation of Home Affairs Minister Clement Rohee in wake of last Tuesday's shooting of 11 persons with rubber bullets by ranks of the Guyana Police Force. It also wants its supporters to implement an economic boycott of businesses to show the party's disappointment in the Statements of Poll (SOPs). 
0	Students of the Faculty of Arts at the UANL protested today in the courtyard of the Dean, saying that the rights of three students were violated after being detained yesterday by security personnel of the Institution.
0	About 30 masked men lit a barricade with tables and chairs of the Lastarria Lyceum, against the establishment in the Providencia district.
0	Students from various faculties of the National University of Asunción (UNA) demonstrate in front of the Pantheon of Heroes against the draft Law on Higher Education.
0	Patients, workers, and citizens rally for health care
0	At 9:00, dozens of villagers tried to close the road in protest. They demanded the construction of access roads to the community Oyacoto.
0	The TV station, which was occupied for a few minutes on Wednesday, outlined the facts accusing "undue pressure" by the university.
0	The Senate was surrounded by supporters of Gerardo Fernandez Norona, but this time the capital police fulfilled the agreement to ensure access to senators and encapsulated the protests, which led to clashes, jostling, shoving and threats to boycott the Award ceremony of the medal Belisario Dominguez.
1	The protesters were demanding access to a govt. report showing their right to land
0	Police reported that over 200 people were arrested in Santiago during the riots that occurred after the massive student march on Tuesday in Santiago. 
0	Jirau workers who have been on strike for 20 days earlier Thursday damaged buses that were transporting back to the site employees who wished to return to work
0	In Asunción, indians from Caaguazú try to block street near Plaza Uruguaya. Three are injured when the police respond with rubber bullets.
0	The student movement # Yosoy132 of Hidalgo demonstrated peacefully outside the premises of the District Board of the Federal Electoral Institute (IFE) in Pachuca, protesting alleged fraud in the elections last Sunday.
0	 From the early hours of Monday morning, workers affiliated to the Union of Workers of the Universidad de Los Andes (Soula), whom the president Mario Bonucci not renewed the contract of employment once the Act came into force Organic Labour and Workers Workers (Lottt), continued with protests demanding his immediate incorporation to the workday. Trancando the main streets of the city of Merida, blocking vehicular also with burning tires and marching from medical school to the seat of the Rector of ULA which was developed by the University Council (UC), the workers expressed their rejection to The rector did not incorporate them into work, after the Higher Education Minister, Yadira Cordoba, he requested last week by a trade, the income thereof to their jobs. 
0	About 30 members of the organization Free Animal interrupted the activity with signs referring to the defense of animals used in such traditions and called for the abolition of these practices.
0	For three hours, local traders blocked the May First Avenue in the town of Cuautitlan Izcalli to complain that local government favors the installation of shops in some roads of demarcation.
0	Indigenous march IX marchers called the demonstrations in defense of the park is spread across the country.  
1	About 1,000 people gathered in San Paolo to protest against environmental law changes that they say would increase deforestation in the Amazon
0	They are protesting the fact that the government did  not consult them before installing a liquid separation at the oil facility nearby and had already begun oil exploration. 
1	Residents were protesting a week-long power outage
0	Around 90 prisioners who rebelled by taking guards and a teacher hostage the morning of Feb 21 at the Nelson Hungria Penentiary in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais restarted negotiations with prison guards. The prisoners want the relative visitation reinstated.  
0	More than 50 members of the Movement of Social Organizations United for Puebla (MOSUP) demonstrated on the premises of the Municipal Government Secretariat, to demand the dismissal of the Director of Political Development, Miguel Mendez Gutierrez, who is accused of abusing authority by operating business reorganization that have been made ​​in various parts of the city.
0	Jirau workers who have been on strike for 20 days earlier Thursday damaged buses that were transporting back to the site employees who wished to return to work
0	Residents in the city of Cali neighborhood of Petecuy staged an early morning protest about the condition of traffic lights in their neighborhood.  They say the lack of functioning stoplights has contributed to accidents.
0	An adolescent was decapitated and his body quartered during a riot at the Funase on 11/30/12 in the city of Recife.  Several students broke into the school and set fire to several rooms for no apparent reason. Military poiice arrived to control the riot, where they found the boy's body parts, and took them to the morgue for identification.   
0	Several vendors for years occupied the campus of Central Hospital of Social Security Institute (IPS) yesterday chained themselves to two trees located near the main control of the security guards, to protest the order to vacate the prosecution place. 
0	Strikes were due to the demand to remove illegal units operating
0	Last Wednesday, the Central Obrera Boliviana (Bolivia Workers’s Center – COB) started its first day of strike with college students, health and mining workers ranking the mobilization. The strike caused violence which was responded with tear gas by the police, which lead to the injury and detention of some protesters. In La Paz and Potosí 80% of the population attended the strike. Cochabama only witnessed 40% of mobilization. 
0	Members of the Union of Commerce of St. Paul protested against the possible closure of the mall Patio Paulista, in the central region.
0	San Pedro Sula Tiempo.hn reports that several demonstrations snarled traffic in the nation's capital Tegucigalpa yesterday as three separate demonstrations took to the streets. Public secondary school students marched to demand the administration pay the student bonus
0	Hundreds of street vendors in San Salvador and elsewhere in the country protested today by some of the capital's main streets and avenues against evictions that aims to make the mayor, Norman Quijano.Evictions would take place from Thursday in the historic center of San Salvador.Informal traders began their protests in the park Bolivar arrived at the Alameda Juan Pablo II, and finally held rallies in the Legislature, to require intervention deputies from attempts to Quijano, who is also the candidate president in the 2014 elections.The mayor of San Salvador has ordered removal of stalls located between Second and Seventh avenues North, in the section from the Alameda Juan Pablo II to Calle Ruben Dario.The parliamentary faction of the leftist Farabundo Marti Front (FMLN) and the Party of Hope (PE) have backed the informal.Vendors said they did not have "decent alternatives reinstall" but the mayor has offered to relocate to the city markets.PHOTO :/ DEMSan Salvador has become more chaos for another protest: the bread makers, claiming the high cost of flour. These were to protest around the presidential palace.It indicates that the warring parties have come together to try to seek negotiated settlements.
0	Several dozen people rallied in downtown Medellin to protest against the president 
1	Small farmers want the bank to forgive their debts due to the drought, which has hampered production. 
0	Through a statement, the organization youth vote rejected the violence that occurred Wednesday afternoon in San Juan De Los Morros, Juan Germán Roscio municipality Guárico state, where a group of other young men were assaulted and arrested during a candidate's campaign activity Henrique Capriles. 
1	(The following is a Google Translation) Residents of Santa Elena colonies 3 and The Lemon zone 18 denounced the lack of water for several weeks and ensure that the purchase of vital fluid affects the economy and quality or life...The protesters staged a protest and said that the capital city has not heard your requests to restore service and argue that only two water wells broke down. 
0	About 50 residents blocked the road to Chichicastenango for 5 hours in protest of a bus service along the route. 
1	To require the rehabilitation of destroyed roads, water supply for communities in polluted streams work and payment of compensation for crops destroyed by spills and accidents, people in six counties in northern Veracruz held a march and sit-in protest against PEMEX in Poza Rica.
0	Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez pledged to enact a new labour law this Thursday, as workers took to the streets of Caracas demanding “revolutionary” legislation to further advance the workers’ control project and improve working conditions.Speaking to hundreds of workers at the closing ceremony for the Countryside, City and Sea Workers Socialist Central Congress, Chávez stated that he would create a “truly revolutionary and socialist labour law” before workers’ day next year on May 1st.  Workers and unions such as UNETE have been mobilising since 2003 for the constitution of a new labour law. Despite regular protests and marches, plans to overhaul existing legislation have been consistently held up in the National Assembly (AN).Frustrations came to a head in the days preceding the congress, as some workers’ organisations petitioned Chávez to bypass the AN and use his decree powers to push through the new law. On the same day as Chavez’s announcement, over 2,000 workers attended a march convened by the National Workers’ Union (UNETE) in Caracas.
0	Users of the social network Twitter reported a protest in the Trunk Caribbean route that links with Colombia Zulia state. Informan que un grupo cerró la vía, a la altura del Core 3, para manifestar por el secuestro de un joven de Santa Cruz de Mara. Report that a group closed the road, at the height of Core 3, to show the kidnapping of a young Santa Cruz de Mara. 
0	Thirty-five detainees at the Ptolemais military base  began a hunger strike over their due process and legal status
0	About 80 people demonstrated yesterday outside the Ministry of Education to demand payment of wages
0	The province of Buenos Aires was virtually paralyzed yesterday marches, roadblocks, pickets at the entrances to major cities and a 48-hour strike that affected classes of 4.5 million students and suspended activity hospitals, courts and other agencies of government in Buenos Aires. They are protesting  the change of bonus payments in installments.
0	The former candidate of the Democratic Revolution Party (PRD) for mayor, Gary Cervantes, led a protest that resulted in trapping about 300 people inside a store in San Vicente Chichester.
0	Around 100 protestors demonstrated in support of a freeze in bus fares and service improvements in greater Porto Alegre
0	Air traffic controllers strike to demand better salaries. Strike involves 168 members of the Trade Union of Air Traffic Controllers of Peru who work in 18 airports across the country.
0	The police in Santa Cruz have been on strike for the past 48 hours and not patrolled the streets. The yare continuing to protest their salaies.
0	The demonstrators were protesting against corruption and insecurity and restrictions on the purchase of dollars.   They were also asking for the payment of an 82% bonus on Social Security.
0	(The following is a Google Translation) Students from three schools evacuated the headquarters of the Huehuetenango Department of Education, after contingents of the National Civil Police (PNC) on Monday posted themselves in front of that building
1	About 300 members of indigenous communities in the Brazilian Amazon invade the construction site of the Belo Monte hydroelectric dam in an attempt to stop the dam from being built. The group blocks the Trans-Amazon Highway around the village of Santo Antonio, where it passes the construction site.
0	A small group protested at the corruption hearings of the governor of Goiás, Marconi Perillo, at the Federal Court of Goiânia. 
0	A mutiny by Bolivian police officers demanding wage increases spread across the nation on Friday, with about 4,000 officers occupying their barracks. Protesters set fire to furniture and documents in a police office in La Paz, but the protest otherwise appeared peaceful.
0	A strike Monday effectively halted work on Brazil’s giant Belo Monte hydroelectric dam. Around 80 percent of the workers are honoring the strike. The strikers also blocked the only access road, preventing non-strikers from reaching the work site. The Belo Monte Construction Consortium acknowledged that work had come to halt, but declined to estimate how many workers were taking part in the job action. Negotiations broke down last Thursday after the workers voted to strike, the consortium said. The strikers are demanding a tripling in their monthly food subsidy and that workers from other parts of Brazil be given home leave every three months rather than twice a year.
0	Eloy Alfaro town workers went on strike to protest financial mismanagement by the current administration.
0	The Front for the Defense of the Interests of the Province of Canchis began a 48-hour protest in support of Sutep (Union of Education Workers of Peru) teachers. 300 people, including teachers, parents and members of social organizations, blocked Arthur Bridge connecting Cusco to Puno and Arequipa.
0	Community company workers took yesterday Sayana Inca gold mine at Cerro La Joya, operated by Empresa Minera Inti Raymi (EMIRSA), 45 kilometers from the city of Oruro, to require the company to pay a fair price for the mineral.
0	Public transportation drivers strike taking place in Asunción
1	Some 135 families were displaced Triqui indigenous community of San Juan Copala, reinstated their protest encampment in the corridors of the presidential palace to denounce the failure of the promises offered by Gov. Gabino Cue to ensure a safe return to their hometown.
0	In the city of Oaxaca a group of supporters of the movement YoSoy132 defaced and trampled flags, showing their discontent against President-elect Enrique Peña during a civic military parade.
0	The demonstrators, joined by students protesting non-payment of salaries of about 100 men working on expanding local mall.
1	Thousands of protesters in the southern region of Puno loot buildings and burn cars. Protesters demand the government halt all mining activity in the region because they say it will contaminate their agricultural land and water sources.  
0	A group of about 40 people attended the Station Hospital, in order to stage a protest against the possible rate hike subway and opened access services to the public for free.
0	More than 2,500 students from the National San Cristobal University of Huamanga began an indefinite strike to denounce the suspected misappropriation of funds by university authorities.
0	A group of about 70 stallholders who were evicted from Juarez Avenues and Padre Mier staged a protest outside the assembly room of the City Hall of Monterrey.
0	This morning residents living within the Huasteca staged a silent protest at the Government House of the municipality, so that someone would give them a solution to their problem.
0	Flights were suspended over the weekend due to strikes by air traffic controllers and aeronautical technical staff. 
0	Thousands of SUTEP teachers begin an indefinite strike and march in downtown Lima demanding wage increases.
0	More than 20 drivers of the Thermo and Cereso lines and Torreon-Gomez-Lerdo transportation workers, known as green and red attached to the MLC, demonstrated with all their trucks at the offices of the Transportation Branch Office at Gomez Palace, causing a traffic jam for over an hour on Mina Avenue, between Zarco and Degollado streets in the Center Sector
0	The lack of appointment of judges in more than twenty different jurisdictions courts has prompted the filing of a note to the Supreme Court and even a protest in the judicial halls, by a group of lawyers led by Katya Gonzalez.
0	In Tarija, the Civic Committee, the Departmental Labor Federation and the Federation of Neighborhood Committees met today for a 24-hour strike to prevent the intervention of Setar, the Electricity Authority of Electricity Services Tarija.
0	Between 2000 and 3000 people occupied the central esplanade of the main square to show their rejection of Enrique Peña Nieto
0	More than 5,000 people marched on the capital in memory of the victims of the military regime after the coup of September 11, 1973, in a demonstration that ended with isolated incidents and clashes with hooded men.
0	A small group of protesters burned the British flag in front of the headquarters of the Argentine Federal Oilfields to call for the company to stop using British-flagged tankers to transport Argentine oil.  One legislator claimed that the practice violated regulations adopted to slow the search for oil around the Falkland Islands (Malvinas).
0	Again, student teachers, blocked and Zinapécuaro Panindícuaro booths, in protest against the curriculum reform. According to Julio Cesar Torres, student representative, students have arrived in Morelia and social organizations in support of the movement of the eight State Normal School, which is estimated three thousand students, which will strengthen the guard units and the Tiripetío normal, if operating any that might arise. 
1	More than 500 farmers in the northeast of Route VI Itapúa closed all day yesterday to protest the government's failure in the transfer of G. 1 million in aid for the drought last summer.
1	 hundreds of people protest in the capital Tegucigalpa about proposed Mining and Hydrocarbons Law.
0	Auxillary nurses go on strike, impacting care in hospitals across Honduras
0	Some 1,500 members of Brazil’s MST Landless Movement occupied the Agriculture Ministry on Monday and demanded an audience with President Dilma Rousseff. Some 300 MST members took over the ministry’s offices around 5:40 a.m. while the rest surrounded the building to ward off any attempt by the authorities to eject those inside. The ministry invasion kicks off “Red April,” as the Landless Movement calls the demonstrations and occupations it carries out every year at this time.
1	The demonstrators were calling for housing for people displaced by heavy rains two years ago
0	Taxi Drivers Union of Workers ecotaxis held a rally through the main streets of the city and reached the State Government House in Gomez Palacio, to demand an audience with President Jorge Herrera to respond to its requests 
0	The protest is aimed at the Belo Monte Hydroelectric Project.  The indians claim the project will damage the water quality, impeding fishing
0	On the second day the route between San Germán and Nuevo Horizonte is blocked by residents in protest of the confrontation between troops and civilians that left one person dead and at least three policemen wounded. 
0	At noon on Thursday joined about 50 to 70 people, mostly women, for trying to block a main road, but the timely intervention of policemen prevented Escobedo above. 
0	A group of women protested in Managua against the Catholic priest and sociologist François Houtart Belgian Marxist, for abuse he committed against a child 42 years ago
0	Members of the group Antorcha Campesina staged a march on Monday from the Angel of Independence to the headquarters of the Federal Electricity Commission (CFE), to protest the high cost of electricity in various states of the country.
0	Protesters occupied highways to urge the government to lower the high cost of gas and basic commodities.
0	Leftist demonstrators disrupted the showing of a movie about a dissident Cuban blogger
0	Administrative workers of the Ministry of Health (MoH) strike demanding the appointment of personnel and better salaries. 
1	Hundreds of Hondurans who blocked for a second day today a border between his country and Guatemala on the road leading from the western department of Copán to the border with Guatemala, to protest power cuts, were evicted by the police.
0	Federal public servants protest in front of the Ministry of Planning. With songs of protest and horns, they form cordons to prevent the entry of employees in the building. 
0	At 5:45 am on Friday closed the highway 200 mototaxistas Mariches-La Dolorita to protest the deaths of two classmates over the past two weeks. With their bikes blockaded the entrances to the Vista Hermosa sectors, Guaicoco, Palo Verde, Lomas del Avila, Turumo, Park and Carimao Caiza. The protesters asked for more patrols, operating checkpoints and National Guard and police in Sucre and Miranda.
0	A group of workers of the National Youth Institute under the Ministry of Youth, staged a protest at the gates of this office, located on Avenida Andrés Bello, to object to the labor abuses to which they have been subjected. 
1	Human rights advocates, environmentalists and members of the Jewish community protest in Rio de Janeiro against the participation of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in the upcoming Rio +20 summit.
0	DIF Workers held a protest outside a hotel where a national DIF Congress was being held to demand that attention be paid programs that come from this institution.
0	Riot police used tear gas Wednesday to break up a demonstration by college students in the Guatemalan capital....Students at San Carlos University demonstrated in solidarity with prospective teachers who were removed by force on Tuesday as they blocked a busy Guatemala City thoroughfare to protest proposed changes in teacher training.
0	Police enter Marconi barrio in Montevideo to make an arrest.  The police were met by residents who staged a violent  protest against them making arrests.  Death, injuries, damage followed.
1	Montevideo La Republicareports on 11 October that the National Union of Metalworkers and Related Industries Workers (UNTMRA) has initiated a general strike on 10 October for an undetermined period of time that includes the occupation of dozens of metallurgical factories. A total 5,000 UNTMRA members have joined the strike. Factory owners have not ruled out the possibility of filing petitions for preliminary court injunctions against the occupation of the factories.
0	Puerto La Cruz El Tiempo.com.ve on 13 April reports that politicians and civil society groups staged a protest march against Ministry of Defense Resolution 017621 dated 24 March 2011, which provides for the introduction of military education programs in Venezuelan schools.
0	Today, on the 39th anniversary of the death of the trade union leader Jose Ignacio Rucci, anti-Kirchner Peronists held a march in the capital to the federal courts to demand that the case of the former head of the CGT be reopened. Headed by the deputy Claudia Rucci and her brother, children of the metalworkers’ union leader murdered in 1973, the rally will demand that the courts declare the murder a crime against humanity and, as such, not subject to dismissal.
0	Health workers started a 24 hour strike this morning. They are protesting for a adequate budget. 
0	The protesters are protesting the "starvation wages" they receive, which were agreed by the labor union with the Brazilian company Odebrecht. Military had to intervene. The soldiers intervened to calm down the workers who fight for the low wages of jobs being generated by Odebrecht SA de CV.
0	Taxi drivers from Colón Island in Bocas del Toro province went on strike  as a protest for the operation permits granted to other vehicles in order to render tourism transportation services.
0	Doctors from the 33 hospitals managed by the Buenos Aires City government staged a 24-hour strike on Thursday to demand security and reject the violent incidents which have taken place recently
0	Elderly express their dissatisfaction about the slow work of the Commission(made ​​up of deputies and government officials) to resolve their demands for better benefits
0	The National Coordination for the Memory, Truth and Justice held  a protest in the South Zone against a suspect accused of torturing leftist activists during the military dictatorship.  About 2500 people from various social movements attended the event, titled "Escracho."
0	A private party was shut down early Sunday morning after about 25 people including a father of a victim of the Kiss fire who were participating in a vigil complained to the military police arou 4am.  
0	They ask for immediate reinstatement, back pay and better equipment and training.
0	A protest of Malvinas veterans complicated traffic on Avenida 9 de Julio demandin to be recognized as veterans of the Falklands.
0	Students at the Vasco de Quiroga Rural Teachers College in the western Mexican state of Michoacan surrendered 29 buses they had held violently since last weekend as part of a protest, the state government said.
0	The Union of Health Workers (SITRASALUD) protests against Health Director over labor problems
0	In a protest against the results favoring Enrique Peña Nieto in the presidential election, youth movement # YoSoy132 staged a sit-in outside the local board of IFE (Federal Electoral Institute)
0	132 bus drivers staged a work stoppage to protest the murder of a colleague
0	On Apr. 3, protesters once again set fire to one-third of the housing at Jirau, leaving some 3,200 workers without lodging. 
1	Indefinite strike called in the city of Cajamarca by different organizations against the Conga mining project.
0	Venezuelan troops have been accused of using teargas and "weapons of war" against rioting prisoners as they tried for a fourth day to dislodge a group of heavily armed inmates who have staved off attempts to retake control.  National Guard troops escorted 36 inmates from cellblocks inside the Rodeo II prison to areas that were no longer controlled by rebellious prisoners, the justice minister, Tareck El Aissami, told state television. At least 11 of the inmates were wounded, he said.  National Guard General Luis Motta Domínguez said the inmates evacuated "were hostages of the violent prisoners".  A 5,000-strong security force and inmates have engaged in gun battles at the Rodeo I prison and the adjacent lockup Rodeo II since the military launched a weapons search on Friday.
0	Over 100 people, including cockfighters, owners of poultry and manufacturers of knives for fighting cocks, staged a protest at the State Congress, asking lawmakers to reverse the initiative to reform the Animal Protection Law of the State, which bans cockfighting.
0	3,000 protesters in San Paulo participate in a peaceful demonstration against a bus fare hike.
0	 Strike by 25,000 long-distance bus drivers belonging to the UTA (Unión Tranviarios Automotor) trade union. The industrial action, which lasted only from midnight on Wednesday 18 until late Thursday afternoon, nonetheless caused significant disruption across the country. The union was demanding a 24% pay rise.
0	The Federation of University Students (FEU) began with the first protest action requiring the agency will deliver, via the Public Information Act - the list of licensees, permittees and the transport subrogees there are in the state. In addition, they requested documents showing if there is any revocation of permits to carriers which have caused fatalities in the last 14 years.
0	(translated) Thousands of Mexican students marched in protest against the "manipulation" political and media as part of a student movement as part of the process that ends with the presidential election on July 1.
0	Protesting for legal status of citizens who have disappeared
0	In Arequipa, striking teachers marched peacefully through the main streets to the city center causing congestion. 
0	In the absence of a teacher for the sixth grade of primary school Emiliano Zapata located at kilometer 4.5 of the federal highway to Atlixco, parents protested and took the premises.
0	Avenida Francisco de Miranda Reopened to Traffic after Protest over Lack of SecurityTaxi drivers blocked the accesses to Macaracuay, El Llanito and Petare, causing severe congestion in the area.Users of the social network Twitter report that the demonstration, which was prompted by the death of another taxi driver, caused severe congestion in the area.
0	Mototaxi and pedicab drivers blocked a major road to protest a requirement that they take a driving course 
0	The protesters dumped trash into the road to block it
0	The protest by the students of the school Jaime Mantilla moved up the avenues Pedro Vicente Maldonado and Morán Valverde, in the field of bridge Guajaló. Nearly 100 students from campus impede circulation vehicular burning tires and placing sticks on the roadway. 
0	YoSoy132 movement of the Autonomous University of Puebla (BUAP) held a protest outside the local board of the Federal Electoral Institute in Angelopolis placed candles and paper stars as a means to request that the election on Sunday is done transparently
0	Hundreds of workers, gathered mainly by the National Union of Workers to demonstrate against labor reform, arguing that it will not bring any benefit.
0	Students, civil organizations and political parties came together in the center of Sao Jose do Rio Preto for the 6th March of Bitches. About 150 people, including men, women and children, took to the streets to protest sexual violence, the legalization of abortion, sexual freedom of women, the end of sexism and sexual exploitation. 
0	50 Journalists stage protest against Carlos Afu Tito and Martinelli citing recent violent attacks against members of the press
0	The nightclub owners are asking for more time to bring their establishments up to code to prevent fires
0	About 50 young members of the Movement of candidates excluded from Higher Education (MAES) and the Movement of Students Not Accepted (MENA) protested outside the Vasconcelos Library facilities at the opening of the exhibition "More Options" organized by the Secretariat of Public Education (SEP) and the Mexican Institute of Youth.
0	From early hours of yesterday, Township Public Gomez Palacio area workers began a demonstration in the courtyard of the City Hall, as the morning was spent adding unionized administrative staff to the work stoppage, demanding the compliance of 12 clauses of the 2012 collective labor agreement.
1	The residents of Vitichi and Caiza "D" are on the third day of their roadblock. Passenger and vehicle traffic was suspended between Santa Cruz, Potosi, and Cochabamba and other points in the country. The group is calling for the immediate closure of the mills that are polluting the surrounding areas.
0	A group of workers of the Mission Housing blockaded the streets of The Christ and Catia Ecuador to protest because the company Rao CA dismissed without paying their benefits, a month's wages and other employment benefits. 
1	A peaceful protest named "Golf for Whom?"was conducted by demonstrators fighting for the preservation of the Marapendi Nature Preserve in Barra da Tijuca that where an 2016 olympic golf course is being planned by the city government.  Protesters also were criticzing the city government for changing a building ordinance increasing the allowable height from 6 to 22 stories.
1	Inhabitants of Colombia's northwestern department of Choco went on strike Wednesday, August 1,  to protest multinational miners' increasing pressure on smaller-scale businesses, which reportedly provide 80% of the department's employment.
0	Using mounted police charges, rubber bullets, tear gas and water cannons
0	The residents of Coronel Oviedo marched yesterday to demand Congress rejected the proposed redistricting of the colony Blas Garay, which aims to dismember the capital of the Department of Caaguazú 30,000 hectares.
0	A man died when hit by a bus during a protest by truckers. Police said the bus driver was driving with a speed higher than recommended for the situation, considering the concentration of vehicles and persons. The victim had tried to stop the bus by placing a cone in front of the vehicle.
0	 victims protest collapse Av.Paez
0	Demonstrations against the Conga gold mining project began in the North Andean Peruvian region of Cajamarca.
0	Residents of residents of the villas 31 and 31a in Retiro were demonstrating. The purpose of the protest was to call for the approval of the regulatory provisions of the Law on Urbanization of Cities.
0	Relatives protest the suspension of hearings and delays in starting trials.  Chanting in unison and holding signs showing the blind lady taking off the blindfold and dispensing justice, relatives of prisoners in Falcon state  stationed themselves outside the Circuit Court of the state starting Tuesday morning. 
0	Groups of high school students have occupied facilities of the Socialist Party (PS), but they also occupied the headquarters of the Independent Democratic Union (UDI), the Party for Democracy (PPD), and the Communist Party (PC) on 5 September. They are protesting against  the passage of a controversial tax reform.
0	In the Plaza Murillo in La Paz, two groups of journalists from different news agencies protested the lawsuit instituted by the government against three media agencies. These groups are accused of distorting Morales’ statements in order to provoke racism and discrimination.
0	Work stoppage in four major hospitals around El Salvador because of dispute over bonuses.
1	Rice growers are demanding a rescue plan from the government
0	Despite being declared illegal, the srtike entered its fourth day and crippled maternity care
0	Nurse technicians were originally striking for 48 hours starting 4/11.  On 4/12 they extended it indefinitely
0	Unions belonging to the Federation of State and Municipal Employees (FGTEM) and other independents yesterday held a protest in Liberation Square to express their opposition to the labor reform being discussed right now in San Lazaro.
1	In aprotest against gas shortages, residents of the northern zone blocked the Avenida Circunvalacion with jugs yesterday, while others, in the south, formed long lines at the distribution station on Avenida Siglo XX.
0	Brazilian Post and Telegraph Company (ECT) employees in 18 states and the Federal District are on strike as of Wednesday, September 19. They claim salary adjustments and replacement of losses. 
0	A group of uniformed officers took over the premises of Police Headquarters; they are protesting the withholding of salary from members who were exonerated after a case of use of force.
0	YoSoy132 groups and other civil organizations held a protest outside the Federal Electoral Institute and tried to prevent access to media facilities.
0	More than 200 gay and lesbian people, marched in the streets of Atlixco to petition the state governor, Rafael Moreno Valle Rosas, who affixed his signature on the decree passed by the Legislature of the entity to install a day against homophobia.
0	 GLOBOVISION.comreports on 10 February that a riot in La Pica Jail in Monagas State during pre-dawn hours has left five inmates dead and several injured. It appears the dispute arose over control of one of the cellblocks. The bodies were taken to the morgue of the Manuel Nunez Tovar Hospital in Maturin. 
0	Residents of La Apartada in Cordoba block road in protest over disagreements with authorities on housing subsidies.
1	Protest Lack of water in areas of Barinas
0	 strike action of the Suriname Police Force entered its third day on Friday, even as President Desi Bouterse called on the Suriname Police Union (SPB) to suspend the work stoppage. Police officers went on strike on Wednesday after the government failed to meet their demands. 
1	Residents of Suk’awaña in northern Potosi seized a lead and silver mine managed by the Brazilian company Cerusita Andina Limitada. Residents stated that they seized the mine because their demands are not being met. The protesters are seeking the nationalization of the mine so that its benefits could be “socialized” and shared among the communities.
0	Five drivers were referred by police to the Public Ministry Agency 50 Tuesday, after blocking traffic. About 200 drivers in Insurgentes Sur held a protest against the actions of the Institute of Administrative Verification (INVEA ).
1	More than 300 farmers from "The Barzón", took the toll booths of Villa Ahumada, Chihuahua, to force the National Water Commission (Conagua) to destroy the wells and presones, they consider illegal, that are operated by I Mennonites producers.
0	Teachers called dissidents of the National Union of Education Workers (SNTE) called in protest against the Court of Arbitration of the State of Puebla, the rehiring of 40 directors and a teacher dismissed for opposing the implementation of the National Assessment of Achievement Academic schools last May.
1	Greenpeace activists held a protest this morning in Mexico City against oil drilling in the Arctic and demanded that the area be declared a global sanctuary by the United Nations (UN).
0	About 500 people who worked for Mayor Carlos de la Fuente, said they were looking to get medical service. Employees of the municipality of San Nicolas, staged a protest on the forecourt of the main square of the town hall.
0	Protest in Buenos Aires to mark 30 years since the Falklands/Malvinas war. The march turned violent after protesters clashed with riot police who were guarding the embassy.
0	With the exception of the plant are all employees of the Energy Companies Suriname (EBS) went into action. The decision to work to lay down last night taken during a general meeting.  The reason is the absence of an advance payment. "At the negotiating table, the leadership promised in September to make the payment. However, we have not noticed anything.
0	Diego Castro writes in Montevideo El Paison 2 December that more than 4,000 Carrasco neighborhood residents in Montevideo held a demonstration in absolute silence in demand of more security on 1 December. The demonstration was organized through Facebook. Leonardo Alonso, brother of Federica Alonso, who was accidentally killed by her father when he thought burglars had broken into their house on 28 November, read out the demands made by the demonstrators. 
0	Minibus drivers operating in and around Bartica yesterday parked their buses in protest over the deplorable state of the Potaro Road–the major roadway leading into the interior–putting great pressure on commuters who depend on the buses as their main means of transportation.
0	A group of residents of the Villa 31 this morning blocked access to the bus station of Retiro neighborhood of Buenos Aires, demanding that the urbanization of land settlement and delivery. 
0	The people marched at midday yesterday and last night. They requested justice for the murder of a teenager attacked while waiting for the bus.  This is the 18th murder in the province in 36 days. 
0	The inhabitants of the town of Emiliano Zapata, argue that trucks have filled potholes leaving the road impassable.
0	Valencia notitarde.comreported on 1 February that Alimentos Heinz, a Venezuelan subsidiary of the US-based food company, factory workers' strike continues for a second consecutive day. The 600 protesters gathered outside the company's plant are demanding wage increases and a food bonus, among other improved work conditions. 
0	Approximately 2,500 people closed the Friendship Bridge linking Ciudad del Este (Paraguay) and Foz de Iguazu (Brazil). The demonstration was in support of Paraguay's president Fernando Lugo. 
0	Workers of the Locanty Company partially blocked the street and set fires.
0	Employees of the Social Security System, or Caja, and members of the High School Teachers’ Association (APSE) joined a protest Tuesday morning in downtown San José. Teachers  protesting “Plan B” fiscal reform proposals, and against “the corruption of politicians,”
0	The Guyana Agricultural and General Workers Union (GAWU) and the Guyana Sugar Corporation (GuySuco) were Thursday trying to get Blairmont Sugar Estate workers to call off a nearly one-week old strike that has seen the sugar producer unable to sell the sweetener to Trinidad
0	About 70 taxi drivers in Choluteca held a peaceful protest against arrest of Jorlin Francisco Amador for the murder of public prosecutor, Eduardo Díaz Mazariegos.  Amador was also a taxi driver.
0	A Swiss citizen living for 41 years in Guatemala, blew his horn music in the Alps, to protest against the closure of the Swiss Embassy in this Central American nation.
0	Several thousand protesters in Neiva clash with riot police.  They were participating in demonstration called by the Patriotic March movement [part of Week of Indignation protests that were about access to education, health resources, social services, jobs, etc.]
0	People who have been exposed to diethylene glycol conduct protest at Attorny General's office to demand medical treatment.
0	Like doctors, dentists decided to conduct a national campaign in protest against odontological plans.  Today (10/25/12), on the Day of the Dentist, the profession suspended services for the plans in several states.
0	Business entities, unions and social organizations mobilized yesterday Ushuaia downtown to protest the tax reform. 
0	In various parts of Santiago were barricaded by masked for the anniversary of the election of former President Salvador Allende in 1970.
0	More than 500 workers from various sections of the Blairmont Estate took industrial action yesterday in solidarity with two of their colleagues who were injured on the job in March and who, up to date, have not received their benefits from the National Insurance Scheme (NIS). The majority of workers from the Factory, Mill Dock, Mechanical Tillage and Field Workshop of the estate did not work on Monday and the strike action is scheduled to continue until the two workers are compensated by NIS. 
0	In Asunción, Encarnacion, San Lorenzo, Caacupé and Paraguarí, 1000 lawyers sweep the judiical buildings with brooms to symbolically rid the judiciary of corruption.
0	The Association of Air Traffic Controllers of Uruguay remians in conflict and continues to force measurements.  Today Takeoffs suspended all international airports in 10 to 12 and 20 to 22 hours.
1	During the Rio+ Summit, some 100,000 activists, indigenous people and students march in the center of Rio de Janeiro, carrying banners, balloons and chainsaws to demand radical changes in the economy. Grievances range from Amazonian deforestation and the situation of indigenous peoples to wage conditions of public employees, to the claims of minorities. 
0	For the third time this week, retired teachers blocked the roads and the highways of the city to demand the payment of their seniority benefit, amounting to 25 million pesos for more than 8000 retired teachers.
0	New protests in Honduras over constant rise in price of basic goods, especially food
0	Argentina's two main airports came to a standstill on Thursday as air traffic controllers went on strike, demanding better working conditions.
0	Carriers of the Confederation of Workers of Mexico (CTM), blocked for the third time Emiliano Zapata Avenue in San Vicente Chichester, in protest at the council does not allow the passage of double-trailer trucks.
0	Demonstrators and organizations against  vote for the legal initiative that will alter the norms regarding the licensing of work that could potentially cause environmental impacts demonstrated for support by requesting signatures from members of the Alerg and to reach out to the members of parlament to not approve the proposed law being promulgated by the governor Sergio Cabral.  
0	Taxi unions call for a strike, but only a small portion of the drivers  participate
0	Dozens of people who identified themselves as representatives of social groups, members of the ruling political movement country and former employees of the company claimed this morning that the collection of values ​​SRI claims to Noboa Corporation.
1	Locals block access to Newmont's Yanacocha gold mine.
0	Prison guards strike
0	The ambassador took part in a protest against the Supreme Court due to the sentencing of scandal defendants
0	Hundreds of state workers Instituto Costarricense de Electricidad, ICE, students and workers marched yesterday electric cooperatives through the main streets of San Jose to protest against various bills that would break the state monopoly on electricity.
0	Over 5,000 people participated in a silent march in Paramaribo, the capital of Suriname, on Tuesday to demonstrate against the amnesty legislation that was passed last week in the National Assembly.
0	Many organizations mobilized against the reelection of Ortega. Claims were made of voter fraud.
0	A group of interdepartmental transportation workers set up a roadblock on the Santa Cruz-Trinidad Highway (in the Pailon Sector, 45 km from Santa Cruz) due to their opposition to the opening of a new bus line that will provide service on this route.
0	After  24 hours without electricity residents of the developments Banco Obrero (sector III and V), Jorge Hernandez and downtown landmark came to protest. 
0	Workers' organizations in various industrial sectors demand the immediate reduction of working hours to 40 hours per week with 2 consecutive days of rest required by the new Labour Law, which yesterday completed one month of operation. Yesterday 300 workers of the joint venture outsourced Petroboscan protested outside the headquarters of PDVSA in Sierra Maestra, Zulia state. "Reclamamos la incorporación inmediata", expresó el dirigente Danny Perdomo. "We demand the immediate incorporation," the leader Danny Perdomo. 
1	Residents were protesting a week-long power outage
0	100,000-200,000 people have demonstrated in Santiago, Biggest protest in two months of action demanding educational reforms.
0	Violence erupts during bridge protest
1	Informal miners block roads and streets in the Amazon region of Madre de Dios to protest against government intervention in the control of pollution caused by the use of dredges by workers.
0	New Protests at University of Codoba by students, who were also joined by teachers and some school officials.  Masked men clashed with police.  The protests were aimed at the current rector and his policies.
0	About 100 people who are dedicated to the entry and transport of goods from Clorinda (Argentina), for the city of Nanawa (former Puerto Elsa) intermittently blocked yesterday Transchaco route. The objective was to require relaxing checks the Customs Office (DNA).
0	dozens of people in thetown of Timotes in Merida State staged a violent protest against insecurity, burning cars, tires, and placing street barricades. The demonstrators were outraged by the recent death of a 15-year-old son of a local merchant, who was brutally attacked by unknown assailants.
1	Caracas El Nacional Online on 7 May reports that 3,300 people representing more than 20 indigenous communities in Amazonas State staged a protest march in Puerto Ayacucho to demand respect for their rights.
0	After the arrival of the Minister of Culture at the gates of the north tower of Centro Simón Bolívar, the group of homeless  ended the protest that began this morning to demand housing. 
0	Thousands of students and Chilean workers staged a demostration today near the National Congress, in parallel with the third yearly accountability report by the government headed by Sebastián Piñera....violent clashes that left two police injured and dozens of people in custody.Though convened by the CUT to demand an increase in the minimum wage to the equivalent of $500 a month, the demonstration also drew support from students and educators unhappy with a highly stratified education system that funnels state subsidies to private, for-profit institutions.
0	With No Agreement on Salaries, Truckers Begin Surprise Work StoppagesSalary talks collapsed, and the flow of goods was halted.   The truckers rejected the offer of an 18% hike in three increments as “absurd”.
0	Aviacsa Former workers who lost their jobs since 2009, rallied outside Mariano Escobedo International Airport to demand payment of entitlements.
0	Around 11:00 am a group of at least 30 Yo Soy 132 youth movement  marched on Colosio Boulevard right at the junction with the boulevard Ramon G. Bolfil. Their protest was dispersed by public security officers.
0	In Tulcán disagreement persists on the new domestic gas distribution, which is done with a smart card. About 300 people who are affected by an alleged reduction of the gas quota held a protest outside the building of the Interior. 
0	A group of peasant leaders from four municipalities of Huehuetenango, were planted in front of the Justice Complex this department to demand the release of those detained under the state of siege of Santa Cruz Barillas, who described as political prisoners.
1	Other demonstrations were held in Linares over the weekend that led to the arrest of nine people. The demonstration are protesting  two power plants that will cause irreversible damage to the environment. 
0	Employees of the Costa Rican Electricity Institute say electricity privatization could lead to the demise of the government-run utilities company.
0	The demonstrators were protesting against delays in agrarian reform
0	On Friday morning members of the secondary students’ union the Coordinating Assembly of Secondary Students (Asamblea Coordinadora de Estudiantes Secundarios—ACES) forcibly occupied the offices of the Santiago metropolitan region’s Division of Elections (Servicio Electoral—Servel).group’s mission was to ‘mess with’ (in Chilean slang, ‘funar’) the municipal elections on 28 October.
0	Hundreds Chicajalaj community, Comitancillo, San Marcos, protested yesterday against the mayor Ramiro Coronado point because what he has given fertilizer only to friends and family.
0	Dock workers strike at Callao, Peru's busiest port. The work stoppage begins over union demands for greater benefits and lasts 21 days.
0	Teachers nationwide came to the headquarters of the Ministry of Education in the district of San Borja after spending 20 days on strike. The headquarters building was cordoned off by police. The Ministry workers remained in place for more than eight hours to avoid protesters who threw rocks and food. 
0	Conflict in Colquiri, where confrontation about the possession of the mines of tin and zinc occurred last Thursday and Friday.
0	Marches were held in various jurisdictions
0	The violent day of protest began at about 10.30 am this morning in the area of Plaza Italia , where thousands of student protesters gathered and protested around educational needs. 
0	Workers in the municipal office of Bluefields closed the doors for business and  are protesting back wages due them
0	Two animal-rights groups demonstrated against the practice of penning up bulls at the bull ring in Sincelejo
1	Over 2,000 protesters participate in the so-called "National Water March" which starts in the northern mining city of Cajamarca and ends in Lima with a rally in the Plaza San Martin on February 10.
0	 Five of the country's prisons have experienced clashes and protests today, Wednesday. The protests range from hunger strikes, sewed lips, and holding visiting relatives supposedly against their will. The clashes have left several people dead and many inmates wounded.
0	This morning the animal rights movement Guatemala gathered in protest at the killing of 300 stray dogs recently performed in Totonicapán.
0	The Ministry of Labor did not expect the Federation of Public Health Workers (FFSP) to formally end its occupation of the general hospital in El Cerro.  At 1715 hours, the Ministry ordered the demonstrators to depart the facility, and 15 minutes later the police arrived to enforce the order.
0	The Confederation of Trade Unions (COFE) held Thursday a 24-hour strike nationwide in protest at the lack of agreement with the Executive Branch for a wage increase through Accountability, reported yesterday to El Pais Digital Jose Lorenzo Lopez, general secretary of the union. 
0	Trash collectors clash with police in protest over back wages
0	About 150 people demonstrated in the premises of the Commission of Water and Sewerage Victoria, as it was the first day in office of the new owner
0	About 4000 workers protested planned layoffs at GM plant
0	Tens of thousands of high school and college students took to the streets of the Chilean capital on Thursday to call for the end of public financing of private universities and other reforms to the country’s troubled educational system.
0	Relatives placed chains on their wrists and body in protest to demand justice for the anomalies in the process they face.
0	The union truckers paralyzed the activity of the country on the feast day of St. Christopher, patron saint of motorists. The union claims that freight policies are "extremely outdated" and are concerned with changes to working hours and rest time as defined by a new statute.
0	In support of two workers denied denied worker's compensation, workers of Guyana agricultural and general workers union went on strike.
0	(The following is a Google Translation) Farmers in Santa Cruz del Quiche, Quiche, on Thursday protested the rate increase of public lighting in politicizing the delivery of fertilizer and abuse of authority of the mayor. 
0	A group of residents of District 9, in the south of the city of Santa Cruz, which blocked the fourth ring demanding the resignation of Deputy Mayor, Barnabas Avalos, was violently dispersed by police yesterday. 
